Wet mop small areas or stairs to clean up such items as spilled liquid or food Move and and furnishings Collect and transport soiled linen to central job says about or care for patients and their He has a long list but not a item on the list even mentions interacting with human being. From this description, could be working in a shoe or a instead hospital. If were doing the job laid out by the job description, it would have been reasonable for him to have explained to the patient's father that cleaned the room, and to have brought in a supervisor to if the father remained angry. might have the man and just gone about his business. He might have gotten himself. But was doing a different job than his would suggest. That’s what and her found when they conducted interviews with and other The researchers had asked the custodians to talk about and the custodians began to tell them about what they did. told them that his were one part real job, and that central part job was to make the patients and their feel comfortable, to cheer them up when they were down, to them and divert them from their pain and their fear, and to give them a we WORK felt like talking. wanted to do more than mere work. What sought in his work was shaped by the what would call the his organization. The of the health, curing illness, embedded in approach to his job. The thing and her about and of his was that they understood and internalized these aims in spite job description, not The Job they were actually doing was one they had shaped for in light of the of medical care. custodian, to the researchers how he stopped mopping the hallway floor a patient who was from mayor was out bed getting a by walking up and down the hall. told them about how he ions and refrained from Ignored his members who the while some were there all day, day, happened to be napping. custodians shaped their jobs with the central 't in mind. h°:§; is what and her called it and were not generic they were They saw as playing an role in an whose aim is to see to the of when was confronted by and he had to what to do, he could not look (“he the rules the answer up in his job 