”(AGE totality appear! to be founded on an objective (denoted) in to which the text is a kind of vibration, almost without consequence. Formerly, the the text (made it clearer); today, the text loads the image, burdening it with a culture, a moral, an imagination, Formerly, there was from text to image; today, there is from the one to the other. The is now as the of the by the photographic analogy and we are thus confronted with a process of of the cultural. Secondly, the effect of according to the way in which the text is presented. The the text to the image, the less it seems to it; caught as it were in the message, the verbal seems to share in its objectivity, the of is. through the photograph's It is true that there is never a real the of the two (graphic and are but there are most likely of amalgamation. The caption has a less obvious of than the or article: and are from the image, the former by its emphasis, the latter by its distance; the it the other it the content of the image. The caption, on the contrary, by its disposition, by its of reading, appears to the image, that is, to be in its It is (and this will be the remark here concerning the text) that the words 'duplicate’ the image; in the movement from one to the other second are developed. What is the The Photographic relationship of of to the image? To all it is one of making explicit, of pro- a stress; the text most often a set of given in the photograph. Sometimes, however, the text (invents) an new which is projected into the image, so much so as to appear there. 'They were near to death, their face: prove it’, reads the to a photo- graph showing and a plane but at the moment of the photograph the two still knew of the they had just escaped. too, the text can even contradict the so as to a connotation. An by (The Social of the Confession that in certain the verbal of the and anguished, on the cover the of a girl; here the two enter into a compromise, the having a function, the movement of Photographic We saw that the code of was in all likelihood neither ‘natural‘ nor but historical, or, it it be preferred. 'cultural‘. Its signs are or endowed With, meanings by of the of: certain link between and remains' no motivated, at last it wrong 