the highest o, indeed. that in his opinion it called for and he himself did shrink from a which tad: stand in awe of its depth and detail.‘ 'A work of art,‘ said 'has in far as it quivers with reflections it is index the case that art form stands at the pot where three lines of development intersect. The fact works in the place towards a art form. emerged, there were those lit“ that, when rapidly thumbed the showed a boxing match or game of tennis; there where a of was by turning a handle. Secondly, art for hard at certain stages in their development to that are with casual by a new art form. film came into its own.‘ sought to bring their a r, of movement that like then naturally. often social char work towards a of from which new art form benefits the cinema had build up a clientele. in the no longer still were viewed by audience. That sat around a in which a number of each viewer. Behind those lingered for a appeared and were then by Similar methods be used by when he showed the had the screen and the projection invented) to a small audience, which in“ a goal and a wisdom so much were set: one for The War? in the Age apparatus in which the of incidentally, (h: of the particularly deal a gave sham to a dialectic: of develop- a turned the Viewing of of experience, front of the (he establishments hid again the same in [he of the It}: of this is the a one with one's god It as from h' in the great age of the strength to shake off the to of Church In the age decline, the same has to take account of the latent for the to expression in his dealings to be the affairs of the the art form that corresponds to the heightened slate of mortal peril that modern man must face The need to himself to shock effects is an by man to the that assail him. Film corresponds to in the apparatus of that at the level of life are felt by in or at (may. of by is for also important in- as regards Cubism and look like on the part to take account It the way in which the camera has reality. “like him. these schools performed their b» the camera to portray almost by Gearing an alloy from portrayed T" 