WILLIAM Whose limbs were made in show us here The pasture; let us swear That you are worth your breeding; which For there is none of you so mean and base That hath not in your see you stand like in the Straining upon the start. The game’s afoot: Follow your spirit; and, upon this ‘God for Harry! and Saint (in. Chart Now entertain of a time When murmur and the poring Fills the wide vessel of the universe. From ramp to ramp, through womb The hum That the sentinels almost The whispers of other's Fire answers and through their sees the other’s Steed threatens steed, in high and Piereing the night's doll ear; and from the tents The the With hammers closing rivets up, Give dreadful note The melts do the [lurks do toll, And the third hour of name. Proud of their and in soul, The and Do the play at dice: And (hide the night Who, afoul and witch, limp So away. The poor Like by their watchful patiently, and inly The danger, and their sad Investing and them unto the gazing moon So horrid now, who will behold The royal of this band watch to tent to tent, him and on his head!’ For forth he and visits all his host Bids them good marrow with a And them and WILLIAM Upon hit there no note How dread an hath him: Nor he Unto and night: [ooh and overhear: With and sweet That pining and pale before, Beholding him, his A largest universal, like the run Hit eye give to one, Thawing Then mean and all, Behold, as may A in the night. O‘. that we now had here But one ten of those in That do no work to-day. K. What's he that Wishes so? My cousin No, my fair cousin: If we are to die, we are To do our loss; and if to live, The fewer the greater share of will! pray wish not one man more. By love, am not covetous for gold, Nor care who feed upon my cost; It yearns me not if my garments wear; Such outward things dwell not in my But if it be a sin to covet the most offending soul alive. faith, my wish not a man from God‘s peace! would not lose so great an As one man more, would share from me, For the best hope have. do not one more. Rather proclaim it, through my host, That he which hath no stomach to this Let him depart; his be made, And crowns for convoy put into his purse: We would not die in that man‘s That fears his fellowship to die with us. This day is the feast of He that this day, and safe home, ill stand a when day d, And him at the name He that shall this day, and see old age, 