MUSIC am not by its discourse. Such is the cross home in public act of Whether the teacher speaks or whether the listener the right to speak, in cases we go straight to the couch: the teaching relationship is more the transference it institutes; ‘science’, ‘method', ‘idea’ come indirectly, are given in are The contract “Most of the time, the between humans often to the point of destruction, from the fact that the contract established in those is not respected. As soon as two human beings enter into relationship, their contract, generally tacit, comes into force, the form of their Although the demand expressed in the space of a is as is in situation, it is nonetheless and shelters behind other, seemingly These latter the of an implicit contract between the teacher and the taught, a which is no way in with which impels the to be search of a career and the teacher to the terms of an employment. Here (in the order of the there is no founding motive) is what the teacher demands of those taught: to him in ‘role’ it may be authority. benevolence, knowledge, who cannot be placed as to the he asks of you is disturbing); to act as relay, to extend him, to spread his style and ideas far to let himself' be seduced, to assent to a loving relationship (granting all the the the checks With s. ”A training; to the roles the has the t. premise, (even if to From his side, demands teacher: teacher authority, of a knowledge, to reveal the secrets of a research, for passing an examination); under the banner of the secular saint Method, to he an instructor in a guru; to a ‘movement of a School, a Cause, to be its spokesman; to admit him, the student, into the of a special language; for those possessed by the of the (a timid of writing, at and shielded by its to the of that fantasy; to lend the teacher signs and so on. This is a topic, a fund of which are not all actualized at the same- time in a particular individual. It is at the level of the totality, however, that is the comfort of the teaching relation- ship: the ‘good' teacher, the ‘good’ student are those who accept the of their they know that the truth of a relation- ship of speech is elsewhere. Research What is a of .‘research'? To out, we would need to have some idea of what a ‘result' is. What is it that one What is it that one wants to What missing? /e LAW), 