t' MEDIATE ANTI TEN OF But most importantly, it is time to and take seriouS]. we can term the close from the mainstream These are the and an arm: With the or test various forms n.‘ new Work. Although the “avoiding tradition— away from the where most of authorship and individuality," this inter— projects in big art and on between the two players often ends up being close to a type may be,“ kind what Others are kept outSide, and the result is a subject a in order to Is In a has two instead of one and is of initiation; the mainstream is not particularly to the and the prefer to stick to yet the missing. there is almost Again, this is the of the Where the are rear: and few A of mainstream art The no reason for asking “hat is the good of mediation: a for and ideas or artist Of Show detailed work that needs to Like place closed but that the moment has come to insist In a third to trigger a dialectical more our the last decade. have in students of rating a limited interest In art be professional pattern stands in stark to' while attempting to develop new A in mainstream discussed which earnestly the question of what art dues culture, what its funCtion can be in and to be more generous from too much (and too much didacticism To number of am partly to blame for this the at hand And to shift the terms of the forms of supported ideas around all kinds of t' in mainstream in order to make room for other the to and also let art use more Of to constant] by the need to We have that is one most Widely known and reaction a PerceiVEd rig and of with the surrounding reality, we should ask the" overly or model consumer“ is The experimentation A thing it actually the fastest and most means by which more or less in A while to And COUCH“ new or, rather‘ to develop a different more Of an eye on how likely model can be used in other for different he of yet ire do be be vets the ‘lit "d how Can ace A or With model that entertained consumer, where Visitors at the expectation that they must be and by the Con— This limited interest in theme of one's peers manifests the select the and students two among to haw an has smart concepts am“! [by or rather terms a it the and new The one. “high the that is part art focuses on the or the tumor. ‘m (h: nucleus better form of than the take seriously, art tends to be in based on and is usually a them or representational by A name h' we can also induct“ group exhibition. In this than the the more "T tin about how rage A space and beyond- which tend to focus on and As in. and around art. “r" J._ is 