recent one. Clear at the too was too [If “death" were ‘A A were with that art could not he the last thin; more. With an bitter of b“ but by A" new out. Pa“ hug He could not in that the they all thought True. it seemed in as had the that socialized it, and "Y after the death of that Was form the All these be and that is the art and Was. of me in its explicitly dependent to the needed. For those it seeme most important thing. the death of limits and bonds by He was an one Still enjoys painting, literature. generation. like man bedded in these all their kids to (he no means or “Y to one the past rejoin secular Under “Other a philosopher. A true he The case seminar was a \s as no thing is all this a mourning for an old and dear aunt. Here the tone Word on or art the A teacher smiled in years after he had In“ was in, it new the first time given the same sparkling, eventful If art he needed to kill Aft than “art.” art is DEAD! He said this while staring at the art and Some old friends and t] We“ anyhow dead, test turned our heads toward them. What does it new was to a that has no subjeCt? The ever to criticall knows that is that it is purposeless, and, after this. can go wrong. The in of the art historians was was right, the He was had maintaining a With a dead substance. The ans did not seem to care about this. They looked back at us. the and then New a biennial one thinking that one trait is to and abolish turn into a should in between. and then n. could never be about If: A would claim it as an and he Started to if it matter and form, then ”he death He heard some in =‘W who needs to perish. true. In the eyes one could see his in his a defender A started read avoidance of being distracted by toy In even auto An as also the so to properly the newness is not if to bee A a priest or to is one sell out quickly to all new trends of a was and What It had difference What lightly changing, first, to see and the grand tour tours were ole by could was Just pure speculation. the ad come to an end A need that was life so well that it is life All use in the S” boxes that the eyes cannot distinguish They all that art in tie real over, But quarrel took place regarding the thinking toward other forms edge, the fact was that the death of art was a the hands of (even taking into account that he was of a fact that also opens up to a to kill art was that sew lunar; It .we at— his statement). But in the hands of the the new All What was he saying, then? “it“ ‘t a: 