mass A great deal of effort is still it will be to ascertain the levels of Those that are suggested in what follows a provisional whose merit remains almost didactic; they us to and group the and this without, think, being at with the few so It is to distinguish three levels of in the work: the level of (in the this word has in and the level of ‘actions' (in the this word has in when he talks of as and the level of (which is roughly the level of in These three levels are bound to- according to a mode of progressive integration: function has meaning insofar as it a place in the general action of an and this action in turn its meaning from the fact that it is narrated, entrusted to a which possesses its own code. Function: The of the units system being the of units of known the task is to up and the segments of that can be into a limited number of In a word, we have to the smallest Given the above, the cannot rest with a purely of the From the start, moaning must be the criterion of the unit: it is the functional of certain segments of the that makes them units the name to these march progress as possible. on to “up“: Analyst! the a unit has been taken which can be seen as the term correlation. The of a function is, so to speak, the seed that it sows in the narrative, planting an element that will come to fruition later either on the same level or elsewhere, on level. If in (In at one point tells the reader, seemingly without emphasis, that the daughters of the of owned a parrot, it is this parrot is to have a great importance in life; the statement of this detail its linguistic form) thus a function, or unit. In in a functional? Does everything, down to the slightest detail, have a meaning? Can be up into functional We shall see in a moment that there are several kinds of there being several kinds of but this does not alter the fact that a is never made up of other than in differing in it This is not a matter of art (on the pan of the narrator), but of structure; in the realm of discourse, what is noted is by notable. Even were a detail to appear resistant to all it would none- end up with the meaning or absurdity or has a has. T° put it way, one could say that art is without (as that term is employed in a in Work a"; A later. from the of its for the the action and p. an from ‘life‘, the latter known; or communism. (that beyond which it unknown to (in for Even thus. is up is My a-“ \w- 