ART! YEN FUNDAMENTAL OF on what she calls “the consumer," in contrast to the ideal as a citizen." and an With great charts of stylistic developments and democratic the approach in his exhibitions tended to be more the cases of and spatial than discursive. The paintings were hung low on the heightened and more wall markedly works and the display were of utmost by d“! around the “m“ were by such as and were made in the for example, in the Cubism the of and as in was by the and by of visual for Western abstract”: a and through The fact that from the outset quite literally ",it ,where things looked different from different as a between and distributors (a the totality installation. It also ideas interest group With a strong on the board and a art. lug" cannot be underestimated. stores and Today, model Visitors were not just who in “n be the .Of m?“ mayor exhibitions could even buy the displayed design Objects in the exhibiting from in New to shop, but who were eXpected to to the in idea of of the of has been left behind, although it and interests and mar in the of Group the group around Given status is a ‘P in the late and artists such as other art in all was taken up at and At the same time, museum “Winning over" of Of the in the United States has, the century, from the outset “g hem, was Central to as reaching out to a Wider audience. suites [live 'J was the some of the same in the period and in the name of try, Itself coming of age and transforming for the supported broader access to high and modern [era]; Within this scheme, high culture. concerns are may— a: was aCCepted long as the remained one essential, in democratic But this often an ideas about art not on its between the sphere of art and the sphere of social and it is, or at least should be, strong enough to Stand on its own t“ and \peak for itself. from “external" Which leads This should ring more than one bell for those familiar with do you see and what do you feel" art and familiar phenomenon is the or department. the fact brand of was based on "W“ an in a department was started. d“ “brig up of Victor E. it From ideas and Bans a more or less detached and visitor a of to a certain also a of stead enjoyment “judgment of the art an be a master of [he hum- visitors to their own r- happens at the of the status can call this method “the on developments to his method aims at a Again the art in question does not 