SIR He could an ancient Strain He never thought to sing again. It was not framed for But for high dames and He had played it to King the Good, When he kept court in And much he wished, yet feared, to The melody. Amid the strings his strayed, And an uncertain made, And oft he shook his head. But when he caught the wild, The old man his face and smiled; And lightened up his faded eye With all a poet's ecstasy. In cadence, soft or strong, He swept the sounding chords along: The present scene, the lot, His his were all forgot; Cold and age’s frost, In the full tide of song were lost; Each blank, in void, The poet‘s glowing thought supplied; And, while his harp rung, thus the MINSTREL sung. Abbey IF thou view fair Go visit it by the pale moonlight; For the gay beams of day but to flout, the ruins grey. When the broken arches are black in night, And each shafted glimmers white; When the cold light‘s uncertain shower Streams on the ruined central tower; When buttress and buttress, alternately, Seem framed of and ivory; When silver the imagery, And the scrolls that teach to live and die; When distant Tweed is heard to rave, And the to hoot the dead man‘s grave, SIR Then go the while— Then view ruined pile; And, home returning, swear, Was never scene so sad and fair! Love AND said that my limbs were old, And said that my blood was cold, And that my kindly was And my poor withered heart was dead, And that might not sing of love?— How could to the clearest theme, That ever warmed a minstrel's dream, So foul, so a prove! How could name name, Nor wake my heart to notes of flame! In pace, Love tunes the shepherd's reed; In war, he mounts the steed; In in gay is seen; In on the green, Love rules the court, the the grove, And below, and saints above; For love is heaven, and heaven is love. Part CALL it not vain; they do not err, “he say, that when the Poet Mute mourns her worshipper, And his say, tall and cavern lone For the departed Bard make moan; That mountains weep in crystal rill; That in tears of balm Through his lowed groves that sigh, And in deeper groan, reply; And rivers teach their rushing wave To murmur round his grave, 