AND THE FLOW OF INFORMATION In is absolute. Those who arm of reasonable or belief this act by speaking, not but of full complete, or sort of for an notion. For is not an there is a are meant to exceeded that is to be obtained, and equaling IS an a SO a have a better (a a O] an you, but my cannot than yours If sense, then your speaking true of enough to a If the levels (or numbers between that for which we than seems is cannot be who view as some on. Just to talk about this an much or or a of are b: threshold yet, threshold less than n. These on the a the admit of THE COMMUNICATION CHANNEL at know that is better than or irrelevant. You have in or- you cannot get more information than to know. This is not a view that will much enthusiasm among and will view it as a of skepticism.‘ Psychologists are likely to regard it as betraying an of are by what are taken to be the [acts of the case. For it will certainly be objected that if the that is not just some information about (a “sufficient” or “adequate" amount), but the information that is (as this has been defined) then precious can ever be known. For in most the are less than one. The: is some Peter has an interes and he what it is proves He the problem flat. This, he argues, is an term in is flat if it is not at all or irregular. bump< or small and they may be (iron point of on which the- occur is not most flat, or nearly flat, but (as these imply) it is not flat. We do, it seems, with respect to their of flatness this is flatter than that), but argues, persuasive- that this must be understood as a comparison of the to which these flatness. They cannot be flat and yet one be flatter than the other. Hence, if A is flatter than B, then also A) is not Flatness does not although a surface’s nearness to being flat does. that not things are flat. For under ion almost will exhibit to what we commonly say and When we them is we pay for ting discussion of about such concepts that using the con- the that a Hence, are not real] powerful some believe, these as being flat. what we say is literally flat. So be it. According to this is the with If is an concept of this sort, a similar line of reasoning will lead to the that most of our .-A—~ 