dam. New“! IMAGE MUSIC by its discourse. is the cross borne in public not of speech. Whether the teacher speaks or whether the listener the right to speak, in cases we go straight to the couch: the teaching relationship is more than the transference it institutes; ‘science’, ‘method’, ‘knowledge‘, ‘idea’ come indirectly, are given in they are The contract ‘Most of the time, the between humans suffer, to the point of destruction, from the fact that the contract established in those is not respected. As soon as two human beings enter into relationship, their contract, generally tacit, comes into force, the form of their Although the demand expressed in the space of a is as is in situation, it is nonetheless and shelters behind other, seemingly transitive These latter the 'o or it between the teacher and the which is ‘imaginary', no way in contradict) With the which to be in search of and the teacher the terms employment. Here (in the order of the there is no founding motive) is what the teacher demands of those taught: to him in ‘role’ it may be authority benevolence, militancy, knowledge, who cannot be placed as to the he asks of' you is disturbing); to act as relay, to extend spaced his style and ideas far to let himself go a relationship (granting all the checks with Intellectual; catchers the social and the of the of tie to allow him to the contract t: t. has himself entered into with his employer, with society: the object of a job, the matter of a production (even if to From his side, here is What the person taught ~demands teacher: to help him to a good professional is training; to the roles to the authority, of a of knowledge, to reveal the secrets of a (of research, for passing an examination); under the banner [of the secular saint Method, to be an instructor in J, the person taught is the part of a a guru; to a ‘movement of a School, a Cause, to be its spokesman; to admit him, the student, a into the of a special language; for those possessed by the of the (a timid of writing, at and shielded by its to the of that fantasy; to lend the teacher signs and so on. This is a topic, a fund of which are not all actualized at the same time in a particular individual. It is at the level of the totality, however, that is the comfort of the teaching relation- ship: the ‘good’ teacher, the ‘good' student are those who accept the of their they know that the truth of a relation- ship of speech is elsewhere. Research What is a of To out, we would need to have some idea of what a 'result' is. What is it that one What is it that one wants to What missing? 