an summer: The research being done on how rewards and punishments controlled the behavior and Though it at the time, this work the underpinning for what had in the cloth- three years before. The thing about this job was that the work actually did could not have been more and menial. Take out cages and transport them to the setting in which the was being done. Push a button to start the Come back an hour later to record the take the back to its cage, and repeat the with the next animal. hours a day of activity. But for me it was thrilling was being a scientist. understood the were being done, and how they might to our understanding Though it was not an part of my job, read reports of previous done by that might bear on what we were doing. thought about what we might next, based on the results current experiment. And in meetings with all the working in the professor, and under- like me. This, too, was not part of my job, but eagerly made my job much more meaningful to me. So on my path to adulthood, did some had work and did some good work. And the difference between the good and the bad had less to do with my actual than it did with the context in which my were embedded. working me, either in my or in the lab, might have regarded what she did as just lOb, Or even a won bad job. But not me. There was meaning to be found in those and was to find it. The lesson my summer work is at it take a lot to turn bad work into good. And it take a lot to turn good work into bad. Here, we’ll how we can turn good work into bad work, as a result mistaken that the who are working want to be there, and thus have to be carefully monitore an to do their work. pin factory. In the name of his vision was to tasks up into repeated that took almost no training the or skill You could have working productively on about And at no line in “She human nature, the gain in was in were by and work, so by this kind of work to do, the was ‘m away from them. Pay is what would to work and quickly. ford, model. and there is no line brought the price Ford Over the the d“ math his book of in grew, as damn the best 'd out in micro Management, In so that skill and the best way to pay, so be produced. he most famous descendant that it was The at! wan to production or was that maximum effort 