YEN IS AN OF and “at it not A culture, a site For the of that the artist tiring; Powers the rules a and a so (he “AS no they on Single. but "Mud x”; my been invested in making the exhibition each each revealing how one Object put new to am: a moments in history. But adopt instead the Or ‘d fix that artists have at times called ‘hOP term be under— |[(n\\ “made" by the artist and the regular “arm in an different way. through or among were With indication. their These are Just The exhibition? A term Speaks for What can have aims and With vast that not letting to [I‘t' late of its rise, each found a way to its monograph” Hunt the and most group, as Their it that is an he asked biennial, triennial: each a variant In the say about the fact that the tenor result can be alter- ately overwrought, spectacular. modest, sensitive, eloquent, .The list can go on and on, All equally merit the term “exhibition" in the question is thus not so much what the meaning of the as a but what it which is to say he today “mild seem to he TOW exhibitions function and they the can: its room in legal as and displaying of in the most a selection of items to a lath: enough, even the and the lit- real or the either A ire not (and or immaterial, and the e, quite out are the fulcrum or But roots exhibition Mid turn. Still. an exhibition is that hat Is up for View aims to more than the artworks by in a court resulting in Space and hung more high on no matter how to and absolutely, (he‘ll “lens may be preparation, conception, or an all the butler to the that most the items they present “the exhibition" seems problematic. representation (or politics) in space. the in the same What exactly are we as or give the exhibition a new [Ill and as or as No theater of the an different or This he a of sort. Of it can that an exhibition the sum w» also the but and foremost it is not a neutral between them, the an them and In in it has been understood as a on which that frames them. is projected, a for the of meaning, a theater J. In an and most «M m. P“ Donna The mum of in. Earth’s Body: Art. and an of Modernity pass. "In. of History, landed", 