Time These poems are by No it at is compressing. tinder the weight the post truth is the white male cracking under the of its own s, speaking at University, are these linguistic and what leaks out from them.> poems Moreover, if this is a time, what is it that the trauma are if elections are, as feel they are, trauma happening in? Not a body, not a language, or a rock. But in hat inevitable, our grasp on the future‘s The in a time when what was meant to be, should be, and could been, is corrupted on election day, on election is low; as remember. The of time, time as traumatic. when of what was meant to be what we felt must be, if we us. But |y experience, our with time this, this Lime ‘e is corrupted by, its in the form of the present? Our our The And what follows that? a by by Him from the subject at hand, read this moment in that deals the in a way that, when read it, staggered up against a lamp<post in, my heart falling. After that. there are some Two of which were written the US election, the third afterwards; the last layout made a fall rising that hackers voting results in the US and in recent lint hill at wide, now was left anxious come far ahead the he be and letting it fall again in lime the other it been mine to than on her last Deserves; not the mutt stood in drops on her throat, gasping Still, he was sure that she had that between him and the goal. by the smoothness of he .j her ditch was cleared. how, he did not law“: She :r .e?‘ leadership candidate still life, min in a Cold. crane pan to saw on the lifting her to hair. He felt the were her neck and her sides wet. but her head, and her her breath was short ant enough to cover the he felt himself nearer the ground, and him much she felt. to his horror. that. instead of taking the siting of he had made. through some reason, and “rung motion in falling back into the His suddenly changed, he that had happened Amid THREE born algorithm. And just like that algorithm, we bin running ever since, of this poem, that were almost in their dream last night in which rode a almost fire scene, the race we time break, out of anticipation’s slack, into regrets puppet. win, to push into this a of his power bin rum his of ever from it, in led to be that same that pro A A of being down that the sing and to stand’ its back broken is for moment [that which bin burning ever. stagger classroom in; against a, the lamp-po/st my that singular what was] meant to polling day, lived aga/i/n on each right back. Gathering nothing, losing all a handgun to forth. this poem. barely Ba/ck, self for this freedom to act that ‘k“\ own back pumping it interlocking of that dick‘s loss time: to pass the horror. end of history, so banal, so true. A Spit land, All h. a ill His face. the a dark. it it to in a. purely “we to things the} happen it,“ the sea cutting it off a” to tree. getting up. Shit powered The end. as though compacting our hushed the earth. like this Slow. “‘e of but shuddering the say say 