WILLIAM Will yearly on the vigil feast his And say, ‘To—morrow is Saint Then will he strip his and show his And say, ‘These wounds had on day.’ Old forget: yet all shall he forgot, But he‘ll with What he did that day. Then shall our Familiar in his mouth as household the king, and and and Be in their flowing cups freshly This shall the good man his son; And shall go by, From day to the ending of the world, But we in it shall be remembered; We few, we few, we band of For he to-day that sheds his blood with me Shall be my brother; he he so vile This day shall his condition: And in now Shall think they were not here, And hold their manhoods chap whiles speaks That fought with us upon Saint day. from Who ever knew the heavens so? Those have known the earth so full of For my part, have about the Submitting me unto the perilous night, And, thus as you see, Have bar'd my bosom to the And, when the cross blue to open The breast of heaven, did present myself Even in the aim and But did you so much tempt the It is the part to fear and When the most gods by tokens send Such dreadful heralds to astonish us. Cat. You are dull and those That should be in a you do want?" Or you use not. You look pale, and gaze, And put on fear, and cast yourself in wonder, To see the of the But would the true muse all these all these gliding birds and from and kind; old and all these things from their ordinance, Their and To monstrous quality, why, you shall find That heaven hath them with these spirits To make them instruments of fear and warning Unto some state. Now could Case, name to a man Most like this dreadful night, That thunders, opens and As the lion in the A man no than me In personal action, yet grown And fearful as these eruptions are. that you mean; is it nor, Cat, Let it be who it is: for now Have and limbs like to their But, woe the while! our minds are dead, And we are with our Our yoke and show us Indeed, they say the to—morrow Mean to establish as a king; And he shall wear his crown by sea and land, In place, save here in Car. know where will wear this then, from will did whet me against have not slept. Between the acting of a thing And the motion, all the interim is Like a or a hideous drum: The genius and the mortal Are then in and the state Like to a kingdom, then The of an Autumn. thou lie low? all (it) conquest; gland: s, Shrunk to this Fare we (we) 