How Good Work Bad: Rules and over Toward the end school and in college, had a that taught me a lot about what most work is like. One summer worked in a clothing factory. My job was to take garments that had been for pressing and bring them to the These (they were all hours a day, day, performing the same over again. The heat was (no but around the pressing it was close to unbearable. And the pressers were being paid by the piece, so that the faster they worked, the more they earned. And they worked fast. The lesson learned from watching these toil was simple: Stay in school. After several weeks work, was shifted to a different job, bringing garments to a group (they were all for final inspection the garments left the Work was a less for the inspectors than for the They were sitting rather than standing. They were not near the And they got paid by the hour. As a result, the pace work was a more relaxed, and they passed the time chatting and gossiping with one as they inspected the clothing. They barely paid to what they were doing. Like the the did the same thing over and over again. But they ”a-“ may in want to make their work enough that their minds could be engaged. Stay in school. The next summer, worked in an There were a other young (we were all what was doing. The work was mind numbing. hours felt like a week. And we all had to look as though our minds were on our work we worked in the center room, surrounded by the of our one might be us at moment. Stay in school! The summer after that was again in a factory, working in the shipping department. Picking clothes off putting them into and sealing and addressing the boxes was hardly a step up from my previous But loved it. loved it was busy. But more important, loved it this particular was owned by my (a small of clothing) and for that reason, felt in to the business, watched what was going on around me, thought about ways we might make various parts of the production process work more and asked lots of By the end of the summer, felt that understood how my made its living. can’t honestly say that thought about how what was doing might be meaningful and the lives of but, like the workers at Interface, feeling like was a key part of a was enough to make me look forward to going to work, and to doing good work myself. got one more lesson about what work can be in the next summer, when worked as a research assistant in a laboratory. 