again into the dark. hit the light second later, slowed to a jogging crouch and scooped up the laptop from the black and white Picking up hoisted it up with a forearm wrench and pinned it against my chest and then my foot skidded on on the fell forwards out of control, hands out into a heap and the laptop skipping away over the tiles in front like a skimming stone. Sprawled out and turned to see what fallen over. One of the For the smallest slice second not enough time for thought, just my mind pulled in two looked ahead of me to hint of the girl pulling at the blinds over the window, rip them down. turned back. The tape player was inches boot. Jumping to my reached for it, grabbed it and ran the back into the of light. Without stopping threw the tone into Nobody’s leather bag, still open on the grabbed the tape player, and then the third, throwing them into the bag Where fourth, the broken one? hat the are you doing?” the girl’s from the end of the ward.' started. There it was the fourth one, broken in the light circle. hooked the leather bag over my arm to the What are you doing? Come on, almost there ~J there almost there skidded down and started to throw the biggest chunks into the leather bag. at the still clamped in the corner of my mouth. wafted at the blue smoke and made a quick scan around me into the gloom. thought saw something, happening to the tiles at the far end of the ward, the end we’d come from. jumped to my just as the blinds came down and afternoon sunlight poured in. saw the movement in the tiles again, this time clearly. a second it was a information, then my eyes refocused. in my went slack and cold. “Oh my God,” said, quietly, simply. “Run,” the girl’s screamed. .n am on my with am or o. In a hug. rung unveil my old. IN.._..‘ on m. won b. .u is. blue own It up"! “we! a this not on In at M. n... a reek [mete two am w‘ a one a t. n- )p J... rim a to me u, my a. .m an :w an The a: tour In nice w! my. .m was,“ but». 'u r. An 'D on: an my run my a man. In" hot and r. a. .n and u, "to,“ m- m. or lot 