MUSIC in the reader (or listener) him who grasp: logical succession of actions as a to read is to name; to listen is not to a Here, example, is hand held it is also to construct it. are similar hand shaken, band released, This Greeting then to the of which function: on the one hand, it the role of cover a wide of meanings and shades of meaning. an of Bond’s distaste); on the The within us other. it forms globally a term in a larger sequence, with the from the start these the closing name Meeting. Whose terms in!"- logic which a is linked to its lilting down) be name; function which a from the moment it in the name to which it gives rise, the process of such as we have learned it from all the which have fashioned in us the of narrative. its importance, a sequence, it it made up of a small number of (that is to say, in fact, of moments of risk and it is this which it. It might seem to into a the logical succession of acts which go to make up the of a accepting, lighting, smoking), but precisely. at one of these an and a freedom of mean- is possible. Bond's partner, him a light from his lighter but Bond refuses; the meaning of this is that Bond instinctively fears a booby- trapped A is thus, one can say, a threatened logical unit, this being its a It is also founded a under a name, the itself a new unit, to function as a term in another, more A whole network of the in this way, from the smallest to the largest What is in question here, of course, is a that remains within the functional level: it is when it has been to widen the out step by step, from to Bond's against that functional is over the pyramid of functions then touches the next level (that of the Here is a within the and a between the together. The of thus takes on a aspect: Minimum Punishment the reader this representation is analytical, at succession of What needs to be is that the terms from several can it one another: a is not yet cutting in, the term of anew: move in is thus it a line noted. however, be completes! when already, may appear. functionally, the of This by who its (below: it is not the seam (see below 