“(AGE MUSIC A great deal of is still it will be to ascertain the levels of My“: of me. Those that are suggested in what follows the unit has been taken as a whose merit remains almost segment the Which be seen as the term of a didactic; they us to and group the correlation. The is, SPeak. the different and this without. think. being at that it so“ in that with the few so far.‘ It is to Will come to fruition later either on the same level or distinguish three levels of in the work: elsewhere, on level. If in U" mum the level of (in the this word has in a! one point tells the made“ seemingly without emphasis’ and the level of (in the this word that the daughters of the of has in when he talks of as owned a it is muse this pane: is and the level of (which is roughly the level of to have a great importance in life; the statement in These three levels are bound to— of this linguistic form) thus a according to a mode of progressive integration. function, Pleat”: “n": function has meaning insofar as it a Is in a functional"? Does everything, the general action of an “an" and this action down to the slightest detail, have a meaning? Can its meaning from the fact that it is narrated, be up into functional We shall see entrusted to a in a moment that there are several kinds of there own °°d°- being several kinds of but this does not alter the fact that a is never made up of other than in in it signifies. The of the units This is not a matter of art (on the part of the narrator)? but system of structure; in the realm of discourse, what Is by Classes the of known notable. Even were to the segments of up and resistant to all it would none- into a limited that can be end up with the of absurdity or number of In a word, we have to has a meaning, or has. To dean": put it way, one could say that art is without ”Live the (as that term is employed in information art is a rest With a purely a in Wart: A later, of the units From be {Hum h" from the the criterion «and the that “notional Dim": name «mimic makes them units the mimic. p. to these a -li.fe'_ the inter In this “me Is Possible. waved: mob in m. such (in “man the mug code: is My 