MUSIC In the photograph at least at the level of the literal the relationship of to is not one of ‘transformation’ but of 'recording', and the of a code clearly the myth of photographic the scene is there, mechanically, not humanly (the is here a of objectivity). Man’s in the photograph (framing, distance, focus, speed) all belong to the plane of the connotation; as though in the beginning (even there were a brute photograph (frontal and clear) on which man would then lay out, with the aid of various the signs drawn from a code. the of the code and the can, it seems, account for the of the photograph and allow the assessment of the it in man's history. The type of consciousness the photograph is unprecedented, it establishes not a consciousness of the of the thing (which could provoke) but an of its What we have is a new category: spatial and the photograph being an between the and the It is thus at the level of this or without code that the real of the photograph can be understood: its is that of the for the photograph is never as illusion. is in no way a (claims as to the magical of the photographic must be its that of the for in photograph there is the of It was, giving us, by a precious miracle, a was: {his kind of‘ pro the few tests resort while use the this was so photograph must be and not to the consciousness on lend authority to and photograph Is of the Image remarks are at all correct. m. “messed to a pure more projective, more ‘magical by and depends. View that the distinction be- not difference of no longer be seen but a Film can there gives way would the” the the cinema, without arts of and of resent a End and time in its is not the of it defeats a being- how there can be a real break with the he photograph can in some art at message: rove term to h" in. extent to the image, to Link the (the does no role the (returning peel to plays a be to third question met symbolic message, connotation, which is the in is is sum. insofar as the name seems in“ me A pseudo- to for the it seem! to found to of dense. \m;,, 