MUSIC portrait which concerning civil status and traits of character. and are by a of implication: is the existence of a function to which it can connect, but not As for they are bound by a of solid- a function of this type calls for function of the same type and It is this last which needs to be further for a moment it the framework of the can be deleted, cannot); second, it is the main concern of those to work towards a of narrative. It has been pointed out that a between and consequence, and logic. This forms the central problem of Is there an logic lying behind the of narrative? Researchers were still quite recently on this point. whose of the paved the way for the work going on today, is totally committed to the idea of the of the order: he sees time as and for this reason is of the for rooting the tale in Yet himself, in his contrast between by the of action) and by the of actions and the of time), was giving to the logical over the chronological.‘ As do all researchers all of whom (while on other could to that ‘the order of succession is absorbed in an matrix structure’.‘ by «an of Narrative: today tends to the continuum and to it, to make it dependent on what called with regard to the French ‘the of logic’;‘ or rather, more exactly (such at least is our wish). the task is to succeed in a of the it is for logic to account for time. To put it way, one could say that is a of (of discourse), just as in exists in the form of a system; from the point of View of narrative, what we call time does not exist, or at least exists functionally, as an element of a system. Time belongs not to strictly speaking but to the and know a time, 'true’ time being a ‘realist', illusion, as It is as such that must deal with it.“ What then is the logic which the It is this that current work is to establish and that has so far been the major focus of debate. Three main directions of research can be seen. The is more properly logical in approach: it aims to the of human in narrative, to the of the which face’ the at point in do March M. No. p. reprinted in structural: p. In his own way but left well the status of time: ‘The belief in time on that of We: p. the is by the itself. This idea malls the rational of actions to be undertaken. is the of the r»: 