IMAGE MUSIC Text the and so to bring out what could be called an it grasps the at the moment when they to act. The second is linguistic: its concern is to in the which, in accordance with the of the are ‘extended’ along the line of the (new develop- in work correct or the conception of the of The third is somewhat in that it sets the at the level of the 'actions' (that is to say, of the attempting to the rules by which and transforms a certain number of basic There is no question of between these working they are not but concurrent, and at present are in the of elaboration. The we will attempt to give them here concerns the of the analysis. Even the informants and there still remains in a if it is a novel and no longer a tale) a number of functions and of these cannot be mastered by the just mentioned, which until now have worked on the major of narrative. needs to be made, however, for a which, to no distinct from its agent. Using these one can say that the analyst to the in narrative. a logic based on (doing that) has the merit of accounting for the process of is usually the occasion. or Mum [‘The poetic function projects the of of the was of selection on to the of b‘ and p. in matron. Linguist“: See A. pour reprinted in of close as to account for all the for the smallest We must that functions cannot be by their 'import- by the of their A call’, no matter how it may seem, on the one hand itself some few functions ringing, picking up the speaking, putting down the receiver), while on the other. taken as a whole, it must be at the least proceeding step by step to the major of the anecdote. The functional covering of the an organization of basic unit of which can be a small group of as a relays the referred to A is a by a of succession of bound the opens when one of its terms has no and aim To a 't terms has no consequent. example, the different functions 't an obtain it, drink It. pay fort me it being to after the payment Without out “W of .r have been led and Betrayal, Struggle, to the naming is equally “M. the case of m" tissue. Are these form the of the of A No doubt they are, dealing are the same time Yet at code an of an "In“ In the one mama. 