specialisms that artists might access, and the that exist in such as the University, the Parliament, the banks and the If the gets the and support we are asking for, have high hopes for my home town in the years to come. Thank you much. applause) want to to speakers for having to be so strict about but we do want to time for discussion and there was certainly enough to begin quite a rich and interesting conversation. want to ask you a difficult question. which in fact come so directly out of what either of you said and may throw you a bit. But it's similar to a question that artists get asked and it comes out of my discussions here with some of the students earlier talks in this series. Here it is: are seen as more powerful or more than in ways a filter system which either helps or hinders the way an artist's work might reach its audience. would like you to to that it is that came strongly out of discusSions here with some of the also have a which is whether you would as or as political? To take the first question first. Yes, there's no point in hiding from the fact given power, though hope to an extent of a community. So think the power we is, if you like, the power that is THE "r..- ._A A-_-.-, vested in us. want to get into social 'here. but think that there is a that we have to be accountable to the of artists which not just working with. but the of artists and the of your who actually come to your institution, So think there should be a countervailing force. There‘s also a question of whether an has a countervailing force; there should be a countervailing to the kind of going round and selecting artists with a wait of the hand, if you like. But nevertheless, there's no point in that we do make and those power. think more powerful than the for one reason: that in the end, when you get a work shown it's about your relationship With the viewer, and a viewer. At the end of the day, although in the selection of work, the power of art in the work itself. So the power that we have is political, in the that it a platform for the presentation of about the ‘polis'. So to answer your second question, would hope that political. laughter) think it's an interesting question and think the answer of an would be different to that an curator. think within a larger the curator, in a way, is an important protective and actually an between the artist and the sheer weight of the institution. We seen my role in and working with to hold the at arm‘s length and to a space that is as tree as to the artist. there are on currently and they are to on all sorts of levels that to do the work of art or the artist‘s input, they to do 