MUSIC TEXT though held in by the magnetic power of the segmentation, function in the name of a transcendence, that of the which the full load and the of meaning: it is this mean- that is (Doubtless there would be no in in and cinema nukes marked by the of the tableau, the pulling to of the ‘composition‘, the setting in movement of the ‘partial of the human in short the holding in check of the meaning of the work but then also of its meaning; or, at least, the over of this meaning towards politics). clearly that in epic (which proceeds by successive all the burden of meaning and bears on each scene, not on the whole. At the level of the play itself, there is no development, no maturation; there is an ideal meaning (given straight in tableau), but there is no meaning, but a of segmentations each of which possesses a power. The same is true in the is a of each one mean- perfect, and the result is a cinema by itself holding out to the With dotted the for him to cut out and take away to enjoy it said that in some or other a of is missing from the of the scene with the baby’s of it haVing been cut off and stolen lovingly like a lock of hair a glove or an item of underwear?) The primary: of is due to the fact that no is boring you are not to wait for the next in order to under: stand and be delighted; it is a question not of a dialectic (that time of the for certain but of a made up of a of perfect Naturally, had of this perfect instant (and had given it thought). In order to tell a story, the painter has an instant at his disposal, the instant he is going to on the canvas, and he must thus it well, it in of the greatest yield of mean- and pleasure. total, this instant will be (unreal; this is not a realist art), a in which can be read at a (at one grasp, if we think in terms of and cinema) the present, the past and the future; that is, the meaning of the sented action. This crucial instant, totally and totally abstract, is what Lessing calls (in the the pregnant moment. cinema are of pregnant when Mother bites on the coin offered by the recruiting sergeant and, as a result of this brief of distrust, loses her son, she at her pastas and the that awaits her all her dead of her blindness. When (in Line) the peasant woman lets her skirt be up for to help in repairing the tractor. the bears the weight of a history: its brings won from bureaucratic the (the tractor minimum) me present and the this The moment to whose the and desirable. ”mar takes the idea of In it is the which t, one of the clearest and most that drama- It is a or set in which a whole has ever (but never a 