Black Pack. May be you ask that dog to show you hows you father.’ He begun to he kill' is self With it. walking you know how do some car in like times put a space be your self and some as belly. The wind gone out of him' you bother. Walking with my head down not looking a sPears and on swung them You all ways know youre doing is my he gone. He come up with blood a Down] to be years old walking that way but that day come for me with his spear down face and give some thing a happen. spear and back him by getting head others come and he gone and all on a sudden theres the black leader all in front of me. He no moving he in way from me and his eyes on me. to him said, 'What?’ and going him. Not spear nor call s> you in making no move with my some get bad if You and We stood there looking at each other then heard the others coming. my self to side and a he right less in his but he ‘All me. term and seen Potter with a bow in his a. han and dogs on him. in and out like a and On we gone then and the same as and and it [casting seen that black dog after the old scam me am]: my dad gone in to no black dog but it did sent to me if from never heard had. Plus did who in dad snuck me at all to see that dog in to a me some ice the card it or some it in sure' US black dogs and a from the UP the bi oft walk tall No. 'The dead come legs he Coming a Ion the on the by side die amongst the where it he run on a head of us and gone to let my self go but theres on the with his and his out and blood all over and the dogs They done it it takes to of it. and where the black dog it space. No dogs in site at all. There even no nor not scream from never had no time for that. Nor had no time to help him. about as far in front of the others as in front of him. They come the hen then the other of them. you know there a big talking at Ice nor no never seen nor heard like it. Broad in the day time and days of the Moon. the upper asking in were: not me? the coming that and the others not in site. they me wait for looking at me and at me the same them. it like them dogs “itching when and me had. that and they my put the red writing it strait here looking back over looks like may be shooting 