IMAGE MUSIC TEXT by its discourse. is the cross borne in public act of speech. Whether the teacher speaks or whether the listener the speak, in cases we go straight to the couch: the teaching relationship is more than the transference it institutes; ‘science’, ‘method’, ‘idea’ come indirectly, are given in they are The contract ‘Most of the time, the between humans suffer. often to the point of destruction, from the fact that the contract established in those is not respected. As soon as two human beings enter into relationship, their contract, generally tacit, comes into force, the form of their Although the demand expressed in the space of a is as is in situation, it is nonetheless and shelters behind other, seemingly These latter the of an contract between the teacher and the taught, a contract which is ‘imaginary’, no way in contradiction which and to (in ill. founding motor.) be in search of terms of an employment. of the there is no what the teacher demands of those taught to in ‘role’ it may be benevolence, militancy, knowledge, who cannot be placed as to the he asks of you is disturbing); to act as relay, to extend him, to spread style and ideas far to let himself be minced, assent to a loving relationship (granting all the the the cheeks with Teachers 'he social and the of the of the relationship); to allow him to the contract he has himself entered into with his employer, with society: the person taught is the part of a practice, the object of a job, the matter of a production (even if to From his side, here is what the person taught demands of the teacher: to help him to a good professional t. training; to the roles to the teacher authority, of a of knowledge, to reveal the secrets of a (of research, for passing an examination); under the banner of the secular saint Method, to be an instructor in a guru; to a ‘movement of a School, a Cause, to be its spokesman; to admit him, the student, into the of a special language; for those possessed by the of the (a timid of writing, at and shielded by its to the of that fantasy; to lend the teacher signs and so on. This is a topic, a fund of which are not all actualized at the same time in a particular individual. It is at the level of the totality, however, that is the comfort of the teaching relation- ship: the ‘good‘ teacher, the ‘good’ student are those who accept the of their they know that the U, of speech is elsewhere. Research What is a of .‘research'? To out, we would need to have some idea of what a 'result' is. What is it that What is it that one wants to What a "—W‘ 