WHAT IS AN EXHIBITION! TIN FUNDAMENTAL moment the rules and war weekly, if not and offering a checklist and that the artist culture, a site for the of or a each week, so that the exhibition was not a singular (linear time, of artworks or a single, consistent message, but instead several Comer and the they support each revealing how one object put next to long has/e been invested in making the exhibition each of those different readings of Or even of at moments in adopt instead the model exhibition at a shop for the exhibition that artists have at times called which items “made" by the artist and the regular wares of the irreverent, provisional, term might be under- were mixed with indication, through presentation or in an different way. their differing status. These are just a few among Each artist's approach was different. But long the a, vent of that professional not letting will in the face SpectaCular rise, each found a Way to lay bare mid to mention counter some of the implicit and most stalwart expectations between exhibition as SUCh. Their makes it that this group, biennial, triennial: each a variant in the category, A of the result can be alter- is an be Say about the fact that the A rarely overwrought, spectacular, modest, sensitive, eloquent, all the better to ate the m‘ the most a" .The can go on and equally met“ the A in the question is thus not so much what the E: The critical consensus today would seem to be that an is as a its roots in legal as they displaying of in the most basic an an a "mum“ It Without saying be or virtual real or pro' a sort we are discussing would not (“lawn the items either out are the or immaterial; and the “public” round which exhibition and turn. Still, an exhibition is known or unknown, of one or many. But if the roots of artworks by a list of suggest that what is held up for view aims to an ”w“ u“. and hung more or less high on a like in a court resulting in may be to its preparation. to speak conclusively, and absolutely, “m merely representation (or the understanding exhibition" seems problematic. or space. the What exactly are We The as or organizing as or dim an fume” “U“ the sum should be of the an exhibition} the around them. sort. Of it can am, In its it has been it is not a neutral thing the that is projected, a for the of meaning, The exhibition? A term speaks for what can have aims and vast intellectual, aesthetic, would be, quite simply, more than the same artworks in the same new title, and you can or reading of the fits but also the and a theater In “m.- way me man u. an 