must; MUSIC the and so to .bring out what could be called Analyst: of It grasps the at the when they to act. The second do“ as account for a" the eve for the smallest We must that is linguistic: its concern to functions cannot be by their W" by «be «new Wave) m... are ‘extended‘ along the line of the (new “on" A map hone call no matter how may “in“, p- on the one hand some few functions in work correct or the conception ringing, picking up the receiver, speaking, putting of the or The third down the receiver), while on the other, taken as a whole, it (T is somewhat in that it sets the must be at me least proceeding by at the level of the (that is to say, of the to the major of the anecdote. The functional attempting to by WhiCh covering of the an organization of and transforms a certain number of basic {clays the basic unit of which can be a small group of referred to (following as There is no question of between these working they are not but concurrent, and A succession of bound at present are in the of elaboration. The by a of the opens when one of complement we will attempt to give them here concerns its terms has no and Closes When. “Other of the analysis. Even the of its terms has no consequent. To take a infOrmants and there still remains in a example, the different functions order a if it is a novel and no longer a tale) a it, drink it, pay for it, an number of functions and of these cannot be sequence, it being to put mastered by the just mentioned, which until now order or after the out of have worked on the major of narrative. group drink'. The needs to be made, however. for a major “gamma: led and Which. to produce. no distinct to name them Swath: rum its agent. Using these one can say that the analyst to the naming equally to the in narrative. "Oil. the which Often a logic, :n (doing a, the case of the Are these accounting on process of for Mud] form the ting of the analyst? In other is usually the poetic function projects the of of the solely ‘h No doubt they are, dealing of selection on to the and p. wig) the of narratiVe- Yet at same See A‘ Pour as forming Pan of an “In” me (In be reprinted in they can n: no ,A~_._‘ 