IS ART! TIN OF corpse. One could that the ”death" they were talking recent one. Clearly they all thought that art could not be the last were with a bitter of not being part my- at the of transcendence. True, it seemed important, an new between the too in its as had pointed OUt. by art. Art be dead. He could nor was .too dependent on the that socialized it, an huge movement that was taking place in the too to the expression the highest form of the after the death of All these of needed. For those it seemed so to be and, among all, expression. No had said the death of the most important thing, art and and that is the way it was. to properly the limits and bonds by tradition. newness is not still enjoys painting, literature, the past embedded in these objects all kids to the to study, to a priest :join secular life under form. In his case, he as The case seminar was a different. It was A true he was. is one thing, a for an old and dear aunt. Here the tone was is all this pasSion for art, they called it now, smiled in years after he had word was even more to him than art. the time the same sparkling, eventful was art he needed to kill, Art was anyhow dead. but he and some old friends and their new was art is DEAD. He said this while staring at the art students in doing a tour to see the Old His in the he rest turned our heads toward them. What does it to critically address this notion of the “master,‘ to all new to stud a line is that is at The an a is can nows at out of the art historians was different: It: in He was huge difference between what maintaining a with a dead The a eel“! was and what it had become. However, even his summer tours were ans not to Care this The look art changing, and the grand were being by that one trait is my“), a us, to see the and then New a biennial in one turn into a subject. that the summers in between, and then ate pure be about Something, If This an and he started to call other if it matter land fill would claim it as the axe death. He heard knew in New who m, It needs to It ,n defender them. And he started reading the eyes teacher one see his his rigor In In even. was also that was d. Art life so well that it is life He was an like other of his with no means or from a rural milieu used to send or to distracted by toy, A an is melt. All these boxes that the eyes cannOt distinguish from the real in the supermarket: They all confirm that art over. quarrel took place regarding the ant toward other forms the hands of (if a" was a murder. Not Sitting twice of a fact that he W“ a lo kill art. was me. his Statement). But in the hand pens “P a reading in new spaces of the the words in hat was he saying. then: as it a form a week in that seminar. witnessing his brave at— All through and art were day after r— 