test. A few most technicians perform that to fix the state of for ours and even the actual state of the information, no information that was not ring Springs do not ban from one moment to the next a .To inSist on gas is to as ”use” pulls on the door seconds to (d a still locked. Springs wear out, yes, but they do but so overnight. They break a is is by the slamming against the stop). Itself (a at their size, but they do so a our grows up but she doe not do so be- and lunch. If you saw her yesterday (or last week) can function as a channel ion for of information about, say, her even in the or cues Seeing her yesterday (in surroundings where information about her size was avail- a in. effect, a It is quite true that under Viewing viewing with cues removed) the signals are, in a sense, equivocal. :T‘ a a. a: E? a that was not obtained THE COMMUNICATION CHANNEL W" The by the light hence. the size of the image, depends on two the actual of the object being viewed and the of this object from the viewer. This, however, does not mean that the signal is equivocal. Whether it is or not depends on whether the object‘s size (new) information, whether the size of the object has been fixed and is functioning as a channel by means of “it which information about is being transmitted. If one has with respect to the size in the recent past (how recent is recent enough will depend, among other on ’r. what the object is: a person, an oak tree, or a dandelion), then in- bout the object‘s coming signals information a tab The is exactly parallel to some test instruments that on an internal that gradually loses its strength under normal With such instruments it if UH to adjust the settings for of strength) using it, it can the kin: if of information it is designed to deliver. Such slow- must be fixed so that they can as part of the channel. For short periods (after adjustment) the actual of the no information, like the "in; locked door, its of its original state has no alter- It is important to that what a as if channel is not that it is known to be stable, not that it known to lack but that it is stable, in fact no (new) information. We can a technician who to trust his instrument. few tests would be repeated: the resistance of the leads measured, the number of winding verified, the spring and so on. The point to be made about such is that for of transmitting information they are An instrument for which these tests are not performed few transmits as much information as one for which they are performed. If such are for the technician to trust his instrument, well and good. Let him per- form the But if, as we have been supposing, the tests are redundant, if the information he has (whether 