D] m. u, N".-. Thou an above, and By can look, rise again, But our old foe so me, That not one hour myself] can sustain; Grace may wing me to prevent his art, And thou like Adamant draw Iron heart. on my black Soul! now thou art summoned By herald, and champion; Thou art like a pilgrim which abroad hath done and not turn to he is Or like a thief, which rill death‘s down he himself from prison; But and to execution, that still he might be imprisoned. Yet grace, repent, thou not lad; But who shall give that grace to begin? Oh make mourning black, And red with blushing, as thou art with sin; Or wash in blood, which hath this might That being red, it dyes red souls to white. AT the round earth‘s blow Your and arise, From death, you of and to your go, All whom the did, and shall All whom war, dearth, Despair, law, chance, hath slain, and you whose Shall behold God, and never death‘s woe. But let them sleep, Lord, and me mourn a space, For, all these, my sins abound, late to ask grace, When we are there; here on ground, Teach me how to repent; for that 's as good As scal'd my pardon, with blood. poisonous and that tree, Whose fruit threw death on us, envious Cannot be alas! should be? should intent or reason, born in me, Make equal, in me more heinous? And being easy, and glorious To God; in His stern wrath, threatens He? But who am that dare with God? of thine blood, And my make a heavenly And drown in it my sin’s black memory; That Thou them, some claim as debt, think it mercy, if Thou wilt forget, DEATH be not proud, though some have called and dreadful, for, thou art not so, For, those, whom thou thou overthrow, Die not, poor death, nor yet thou kill me. From rest and sleep, which but be, Much pleasure, then from much more must (low, And soonest our best with do go, Rest of their and soul‘s delivery. Thou art slave to Fate, Chance, and And with poison, war, and sickness dwell, And poppy, or charms can make us sleep as well, And better than stroke; thou then? One short sleep past, we wake eternally, And death shall be no more; death, thou shalt die. WHAT if this present were the world‘s last night? Mark in my heart, Soul, where thou dwell, The of and tell Whether that can Tears in His eyes quench the light, Blood His frowns, which from His head fell. 