sent by the central As long as things work the retina of image) the eye about the movement of the in stem, ‘S is a movement of about ,r mOVE) As a result eyes to move, they do (object and seem to move even though the System The signal is misleading of its no way of monitoring the form in the way checking to see that way may are told to perform. yes when it be a to conclude, the brain has no would“; of its system it: backup” system to monitor the to tell it that its commands )eyed), that, therefore, the information about the move u' or signals are central a to sign is itself a channel condition. It depends on whether for this aspect of the if we that a in h' IS a Sea] possibility, even if we that con the this system performance of reason to think that the system as a whole is n- With respect to the of this eye may make it a as thou when it not, but it also in it appear as thou is (even those things which it is known on not to be moving). A in this is as in the of the signals to the eye are being channel over which we of objects is THE COMMUNICATION CHANNEL being as is a broken restraining spring in the move- of a pointer. RELEVANT AND The discusion reveals the of that seemingly paradoxical fact that a person can know that is moving (say), and know this by means (she can see that it is moving), without knowing that her system, the by means of which she tells that is moving, is in working order. The of this “paradox” lies in the fact that the information that ‘is moving can be over a channel without the knowing (or believing) that the channel is in a state such as to transmit this information. The may be quite ‘of the particular for the of no one way or the other, about the con- on which the signal depends. One does not have to [mow that one’s eyes are not in order to see that moving. The channel is that set of existing that have that in fact no (new) informal Whether the is of these particular or not is the point. As long as the of which he or she is (holds no beliefs about) are which in fact have no if they do, have alter- states that have been (whether this is known or not) by information by prior test and —-then these function as the fixed framework (channel within which (and information) is reckoned They are not a of (information). (and knowledge) about a depends on a system of between and on whether it is known to be reliable. This point is important enough to be in somewhat greater detail. For this offer the following example.“ A and instrument (a gauge) is used to monitor the within a certain boiler. the boiler is a critical quantity, in that too much can result in a dangerous explosion, the is made from the finest to the most exacting by the most careful methods These have been reliable. 