falls silent about me. There is only, still. that falling drip drop! drip, bat telling off the first few of my life, the last of hers For soon, the clocks run slow. My mother a bosom again; then sinks for met feel it, and suck harder. Then the pluck me from her And when weep, they hit me. pass my ten years a daughter to the of the house. they love me. There is a cat upon the and think they keep me, rather as they keep that cat. a thing to pet and dress with wear a gown cut like their own, an apron and a cap; they give me a belt with a ring of key: upon it, and call me nurse'. sleep with each of them in turn, in their own and follow them in their upon the mad- The is a larger to me, in two: one side for one side for male. see the female. never mind them. Some of them kiss and pet me, as the do. Some of them touch my hair and weep. remind them of their Others are troublesome. and these am to stand and strike with a wooden wand, cut to my hand, until the laugh and say they never saw so Thus learn the rudiments of and order; and incidentally apprehend the of insanity. This will all prove useful, later. When am old enough to reason am given a gold ring said to be my the portrait of a called my mother, and understand am an orphan; but, never having known a parent’s rather, having known the of a score of am not greatly by the news. think the clothe and feed me, for my own sake. am a child but, in that childless world, pass for a beauty. have a sweet singing and an eye for shall live out all my days a nurse, contentedly until die. So we believe, at and ten. Some time in my eleventh year, am summoned to the by the matron of the house. she means to make me some treat. am wrong. she greets me strangely, and will not meet my eye. There is a person with gentleman, she then, the word means to me. It will mean more, in time. 'Step the matron The gentleman He wears a suit of black, and a pair of black silk He holds a cane with an knob, upon which he leans, the better to me. His hair is black tending to white, his cheek his eyes imperfectly hidden by a pair of An child might shrink from gazing at him; but know of and am afraid of walk until stand him. He parts his to pass his across them. His is dark at the tip. 'She’s he 'but makes enough with her for all that. How's her voice?’ His own is low, tremulous, complaining. like the shadow of a shivering man. 'Say a word to the gentleman,’ says the matron quietly. 'Say how you are.’ am well,’ say. speak stoutly. The gentleman 'That will do,’ he his hand. Then: hope you can whisper? hope you can nod?’ 'Oh yes.’ hope you can be silent?’ can.’ 'Be silent, better.‘ He turns to the matron. see she wears her mother's likeness. good. It will remind her of her mother's fate, and may to keep her from sharing it. care at all for her lip, however. It is too plump. It has a bad promise. her back, which is soft, and slouches. And what of her leg? want a girl. do you hide her leg behind so long a skirt? Did ask for that?‘ The matron 'It has been a harmless sport of the sir, to keep her dressed in the of the house.‘ 'Have paid you, to sport for He moves his stick upon the rug. and works his He turns again to me, but speaks to her. He ‘How well does she read? 