a is still waiting, think, for the other to then its also true that it was found Mother over from She was an artist see know. says she and what she did her fellowship on in still could. feared that one day would say we had to stop or say crushingly banal Where is this going? or Would you say a now? she never did. “So felt that this held me to when the rest life was fraying at the A feeling, this security, and if known then who was have it. still believed, on some shadow level, that sex was a ritual of possession, a covenant, as in- sane as that is And Your guess is as good as mine. had never felt this about anything. had been a person drifting across the of life without that at some point you fall in. And was my plunge, suppose. she was my who life had surface, for whom each person and moment was an depth. know. All can say is that in her saw, If!!! saw, that had been had been some fraction lie. “Not long after, told me was hurt that never called. So did. She had her own line and the end second ring. ‘Hello?’ calling. And she was never busy, picked up time at she'd say, like it might be never had to do or at off the phone. She told me about her family, mostly things set in which came to full of right painted buildings by the water, caught in the low slanted light that took all day to set. “‘Mother and should never have happened were like proud beasts who each other step aside. that brought —a good one, all the time he's known is a to all. She stayed afterward, that we know. worked in would see her around, sitting in staring out to sea. One day he went up to her and asked how she was and where she was staying. She shrugged, and to make they had broken in common, he said, “Where do you go at night?" She shook her head in "Where do you go?" she said. “When he what she was saying he to take her in. doubt he could have said why. Frankly, the idea of my parents even speaking to each other is beyond me, but somehow, over the a developed. They have been less alike. was ambitious, successful. Mother is like a lost from the spirit world. Nevertheless, in two time, had stopped showing up to work, quit his job, and the two moved to a in the north overlooking the sea. To hear tell it he spent the years up there writing That's where they had and me. “‘Who can say what finally made Mother go crazy. she was crazy, or is just the simplest word for some- thing else. We moved back to when we were young. returned to work and Mother went away for a then came luck to us different. She had her own room, which she never left. and after dinner and would play there for an hour or on thick run with gold while she sang to us. folk songs or so had to assume. Neither of us speaks the language. relationship remaine that thought and night we with creep through the apartment to Mothers we got there, and I'll never forget in Mother's lap. She had his head on humming soothing, for a while, it a mystery. Mother so could see her. Then one the to room. The door was u’h saw. Farm was and was stroking his hair, w; Window at the moon. “'e «at back to our room. In the her out husk. 