MUSIC Text the and so to bring out what could be called an logic,‘ grasps the at the moment when they to act. The second is linguistic: its concern is to in the which, in accordance with the of the ‘poetic',’ are ‘extended‘ along the line of the (new develop- in work correct or the conception of the of The third is somewhat in that it sets the at the level of the (that is to say, of the attempting to the rules by which and transforms a certain number of basic There is no question of between these working they are not but concurrent, and at present are in the of elaboration. The complement we will attempt to give them here concerns the of the analysis. Even the informants and there still remains in a if it is a novel and no longer a tale) a number of functions and of these cannot be mastered by the just mentioned, which until now have. worked on the major of narrative. needs to be made, however, for a which to points no distinct from its agent. these one can say that the analyst to the in narrative. a on this or the!) has the merit of accounting for the process of is usually the for which [‘The poetic function projects the of of the to the we See A. J. pour l‘inte reprinted in close as to account for all the for the We must that functions be by their “import- by the of their A call’, no matter how it may seem, on the one hand itself some few functions ringing, picking up the receiver, speaking, putting down the receiver), while on the other, taken as a whole, it must be at the least proceeding step by step to the major of the anecdote. The functional covering of the an organization of relays the basic unit of which can be a small group of referred to (following as a is a logical succession of bound by a of the opens when one of its terms has no and closes when. of its terms has no consequent. To take a trivial example. the different functions order a drink, obtain it, drink it, pay for it, an obViously close: sequence, it being to put order or after the payment without out of group ‘Having a drink’. The in the major and have to name them (Fraud, Betrayal, he the time, the naming equally use of trivial the who the tissue. Are these earnings solely the of the sadly; a” at the same time as forming part of an inner the of two term! W‘ “was“ 