WHAT ABOUT COLLECTING] perhaps, as somewhat shameful or too real that these are is, M. ,._~,w_ if #A A menu“ TIN OF that and relationship that impacts the making and the format the question and Lie”; such an effort to These generally and 'y understanding how began widening practice,‘ and by the the role question could arise. This is when began that most publications on collecting art, whether at the or the level, the public or sector Sure texts about collection Views and artistic and it that ill print and in discussions on art collecting fails to be addressed? What are of appears to be in the but is not its equivalent‘ is championed over which in With How is it that in the programs What collecting are some topics on collecting, were to be And, ultimately, would it even be a collecting in the frame in past two the working between artists a between and has been the focal discussion on arm been ideas are manifested spatially publicly. One reason collecting a is that of the not in building or interpreting collections And if that and their to the sub' are as yet unexplored. Another so an tie is that exhibitions context been to Such exhibitions turn an art aces and b‘ also turn Site into g“ over That curator'al Ion, and Drum“, “t" owes A the A [he has driven relationship between the artist and Placed tilt in Of red were a or me“ he art curator. beyond the old of the con- or the maker, was starting to be publicly and throughout to in ranged From an or a particular to abandoned or inhabit“ building. am. up clung or honey An by an among of and rational” whim) commons. Among urn. this approach In win. a New An in Still]; and Unit. in («and In at a'm van. rut: also In no: It was an u- haul the have on- "Can a. by Away. to Know Cunning, am Afraid to lumbar. run, It" m. a. to m. an and in and In such as A Labyrinth at in and Hon: She—A at in. sun away n: s.- by in A am] of (lurid: This Inter- How originally and In on wan in by such our. our: to mind nun at "naps Hon: an Cathedral. Anyway. What Is |s (in: "nun a manna Into an the "so; In urn. sun mum u: ways arm s- «an. arc. mum in our moon a We; See in In by Hans in A and In nail and publish“ in group on rumen in and by urn. [round- in. would as the and ”my... nun roll am mid A “a"... Fan": limit“!!! on 