the wider of the The referendum showed that the are far less effective in public opinion than the the over life by control, there seems reason to that the wider an the died. It was not the most or “Ill within the coming decade. races the death: he was years old and had been suffering from ill health for some Yet the fate of the harp in points mom in due to his following the of the and its ales is Two apart: to and to in Wales and the World different to the harp where he had worked as a master. This Set up to pass on other than its wealth. The harp idiom, so con of harp to a new of product time, Its patrons mixed the of national with and to retain a link to a more distant past. It would not be unfair to say that the harp that is, the living on harps that had its roots in the medieval, world died His Rose and him. Former pupils of the school attempted to ill. tot the last and most of those would be dead and with him the disappeared completely. of harping, though it had taken on strong from the period, was just one small facet of that larger linguistic, social, that is called ‘the world’. At its height in the it had covered almost all of and western yet by it With its either absorbed into or and were in of the over the of the eighteenth and nineteenth By the time State was established, use of the was in serious shrinking islands in a sea of culture. As the tumbled, its poetic held on by reinventing within the patterning of .thin and even song The of harping by contrast, was too closely with the aristocratic poetic tradition, its too dependent upon the of an in the of its idiom. It could not make the same transition, The of the world has a serious part was the pit as should stand as a warning to those who feel that the to play in the Wales of the most recent report The red by the Board (in thou in points clearly towards an to tie in use of the language. In this, comparisons with the of the by in recent has where more than of the are are less and less common; this is key such tend to be those that fall below the of at as ever Beyond this, the [mum is life of and was itself- art music of its time, an clue to maintain its status as art, rather than is key when we the place of the and the in the twentieth ‘in [plum lo adaptation of the form to suit a shift towards a mainstream even as the art itself of is, if possible, more complex. It Vibrant artistic no and a superb on it is also understood its the level of and line writer seeking inspiration. a con offers tunes on a End complex attempt to the of the language. underlying dissonance, distinctiveness and the rice need between the pseudo to keep that distinctiveness as of the game writers must play. to oneself and being to an The of under presentations the Wales of the next ”A that go beyond mining and choral or t, in t: lists can \\itli r‘ m‘ I‘ll) r" "r the “uh more to \t. t“ must how our Elites are working to p‘ t) Lint an S. e, but the of, )n [y m“ rid is a matter of real concern A the language. Here again the of the truth, it took one the heart being can he exhausting. makes this more world in the years to points to a stark to set the final phase of and did not so much the framework that supported it, the worst was past. back. In much of the world. to speak the language. It is more Us the as that no way of rebUilding t. and support. there was no way the period be the ‘A least, it has the medium we a .d in 'N ‘h‘ ‘P lit: fact that the in it. a All In _\\a dart! a of of WAVE} A 