J“ soul and body, when around Did not with more part Than my dearest friend, do pan from My dearest friend, would had died for Life and this world henceforth will tedious be: Nor shall know what to do my griefs prove tedious too. Silent and sad walk about all day, As sullen ghosts stalk speechless by Where their hid lie; Alas! my treasure‘s gone, do Stay? He was my friend. the truest friend on earth; A strong and joined our birth. Nor did we the most sounding name By friendship given to fame. None but his he, and sisters knew Whom the kind youth preferred to me; And even in that we did agree, For much myself loved them too. Say, for you saw us, How oft have we spent the Till the so famed for love, at us from above! We spent them not in in or wine; But search of deep philosophy, Wit, eloquence, and poetry— which loved, for they, my friend, were thine. our dear say, Have not seen us walking day? Was there a tree about which did not know The love us two? Henceforth, for ever fade; Or your sad branches thicker join And into shades combine, Dark as the grave wherein my friend is laid! was his soul: as a soul as Submitted to inform a here; High as the place shortly in heaven to have, But low and as his grave. So high that all the there did come, As to their sat and great; So low, that for me too it made a room. he sought, and so soon As if for him had rather sought; Nor did more laming ever crowded lie In such a short mortality, the youth or writ, Still did the notions throng About his tongue; Nor could his ink faster than his So strong a wit did to him frame As all things but his judgment overcame; His judgment like the heavenly moon did show, Tempering that below. Oh had he lived in world, what bound Would have been to control His soul? We have lost in him arts that not yet are found. His mirth was the pure wit, Yet never did his God or friends forget; And when deep talk and wisdom came in view, Retired, and gave to them their due, For the rich help of books he took, Though his own searching mind Was so with notions written As if wise had made that her book. With as much devotion, piety, He lived, as other saints do die. So]! with his soul severe account he kept, Weeping all debts out he slept Then in pace and he lay, Like the sun‘s “hid! still in water sets at night, his day. But thou. this frantic age, “hen and does rage! A tame for haven no soul chose— place not free from those. A". 