 
Track Changes
 Track Changes A LITERARY HISTORY OF WORD PROCESSINGMATTHEW G. KIRSCHENBAUMTHE BELKNAP PRESS OF HARVARD UNIVERSITY PRESS Cambridge, Massachusetts London, England2016
Copyright © 2016 by Matthew G. Kirschenbaum All rights reservedPrinted in the United States of AmericaMany of the designations used by manufacturers and sellers to distinguish their products are claimed as trademarks. Where those designations appear in this book and Harvard University Press was aware of a trademark claim, the designations have been printed in initial capital letters.First printingLibrary of Congress Cataloging-in-Publication DataNames: Kirschenbaum, Matthew G., author.Title: Track changes : a literary history of word processing / Matthew G. Kirschenbaum. Description: Cambridge, Massachusetts : The Belknap Press of Harvard University Press, 2016. | Includes bibliographical references and index.Identi ers: LCCN 2015041450 | ISBN 9780674417076 (alk. paper)Subjects: LCSH: Word processing—History. | Writing—Technological innovations. | Creation (Literary, artistic, etc.)—Technological innovations. Classi cation: LCC Z52.4 .K57 2016 | DDC 005.52—dc23 LC record available at http://lccn.loc.gov/2015041450
For my parents,Arlene and Mel,Who brought home an Apple
ContentsPreface . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ixIntroduction: It Is Known . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .1 1. Word Processing as a Literary Subject. . . . .142. Perfect . . . . . . . .3. Around 1981 . . .4. North of Boston5. Signposts . . . . . .6. Typing on Glass.7. Unseen Hands .8. Think Tape. . . . .9. Reveal Codes. . ...... . ..... . ..... . ..... . ..... . ..... . ..... . ..... . ..... .. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .33 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .51 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .74 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .92 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .119 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .139 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .166 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .184 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .207 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .235. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 249 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 251 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 329 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 331 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 33510. What Remains. .After Word ProcessingAuthor’s Note. . . . . . . . . . Notes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Credits . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Acknowledgments . . . . . . Index . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Illustrations follow p. 126
“Well, salvage whatever you can, threadbare mementos glimmering in recollection.”—Ecclesias (a word processor) in Henry Roth, A Star Shines over Mt. Morris Park (1994)
PrefaceTrack Changes began, as many books do, with a question: What was the  rst novel written with a word processor? Being an English professor inter- ested in the history of writing as well as computers, I thought it was the sort of thing I should know, but I didn’t. It is a commonplace of literary history that Mark Twain’s long, meandering memoir Life on the Missis- sippi (1883) was the  rst piece of belles lettres to be submitted to a pub- lisher as a typescript: “I was the  rst person in the world to apply the type- machine to literature,” he informs us in a sketch written some years after the fact and featured in an ad by the typewriter’s manufacturer, Remington, otherwise best known for  rearms.1 In fact, the book was typed for him by an assistant. Within a decade, in a gesture that would soon become com- monplace, Oscar Wilde entrusted the manuscript of The Picture of Dorian Gray to Miss Dickens’s Typewriting Service in London.2 Other equally famous early adopters can also be named: Friedrich Nietzsche, for example, and Henry James, who reportedly was so enamored of the sound of the keys of his secretary’s typewriter that they became a kind of metronome— he found he couldn’t dictate without their rhythmic counterpoint.3 (James is typically thought to have begun dictating his prose after he suffered a repetitive strain injury writing by hand.) But when it came to computers and word processing, it appeared there were no widely recognized historical counterparts to Twain and his typist.In the course of my research I was able to answer my question to my own satisfaction—that is what researchers do after all, and thus my candidates for who was  rst are duly presented in the pages that follow. But  rsts areix
x Prefacealways relative—both to what came before and to what came after. In my case the answer largely depended on how I chose to de ne terms like “write” and “word processor.” As historian Michael R. Williams explains in his discussion of the competing contenders for the mantle of who built the  rst computer, “if you add enough adjectives to a description you can al- ways claim your own favorite.”4 Besides the inevitable proliferation of cri- teria, though, the question of who was  rst also usually implies a linear, causal view of historical progress, often circumscribed in the telling by a great man’s genius and imagination (my gender speci city here is intentional) and the resulting technological marvels overtaking a passively accepting public. Word processing, however, permits us none of these simpli cations, as even a casual survey of its history will show. Does word processing belong to the history of writing or the history of computing? The answer is not obvious. The conjoining of the word “word” with the word “processing” or “processor” has at various times been used to denote principles of of ce management, an actual person (typically female), a physical hardware de- vice, or a piece of intangible software. It has also encompassed not only the written production of text with a keyboard but also verbal dictation, short- hand note taking, and the duplication, mailing, and  ling of documents.There is another kind of  rst associated with any technology as perva- sive as word processing, at least for those of us of a certain age: Each of us remembers our own  rst time. I am just old enough to have lived through word processing’s popular advent, but my own personal experience is one of solely vicarious contrasts. Going into my adolescence I had never used a typewriter for any purposeful task; but I knew that one of the hallmarks of the transition from grade school to middle school was that handwritten reports were no longer acceptable. I vividly remember the family typewrit- er’s periodic appearances on our kitchen table whenever my older brother or sister had a school paper to write. It was a big, heavy, noisy thing. The volume of the television set in the adjoining family room would rise ac- cordingly. I remember my siblings’ exertions over the unforgiving appa- ratus and my own sense of mild dread, knowing my turn was almost at hand. (Such were the pallid anxieties of my coming of age in suburbia.) And then, miraculously it seemed, the home computer arrived, the product Time magazine gave its cover to in January 1983 as the “Machine of the Year.” My family bought an Apple IIe, and with it a very simple word processing pro- gram called the Bank Street Writer. Accompanied by a screeching dot ma- trix printer, I used the Apple to write my school papers as well as reams of
P r e fa c e x ijuvenile science  ction and fantasy. I quickly learned to insert and delete, move blocks of text, and  nd and replace words and phrases. (Features such as spell- and grammar-check and any kind of advanced formatting were beyond the program’s capabilities.) The tearing of the spindled edges from the fanfold paper signaled that a job was complete. As for the type- writer, it was unceremoniously relegated to the back of the closet, where it was soon forgotten, and so technological progress and middle-class privi- lege had conspired to let me sidestep a rite of passage that only a few years earlier had seemed inevitable.Writing Track Changes (mostly in Word, on a couple of small, lightweight laptops) has taken me back to a time in my youth that I recognize only in retrospect as the pivotal moment in the growth and widespread adoption of word processing for literature. Many of the writers I stayed up late reading as a teenager—best-selling authors like Stephen King, Frank Her- bert, Anne McCaffrey, and Tom Clancy—were themselves experimenting with the technology, getting their own  rst computers at more or less the same time we got our Apple. (Clancy got an Apple IIe himself, in fact.) All of this explains one of the attractions of this project to me: a chance to ex- plore some of the connections that tied me, a kid in my upstairs bedroom poking around with the Bank Street Writer or Apple BASIC, to the writers I idolized—who were also, it turns out, wrestling with the very same tech- nology themselves. They were learning the same jargon and terminology that I was, scratching their heads over dot matrix and ink jet, and struggling to initialize a diskette or recover a  le they had just inadvertently deleted. It was a leveling moment of sorts, and for me, that realization served to hu- manize these famous authors.Of course those are not my only motives. Almost from their inception during and after the Second World War, modern digital computers “pro- cessed” letters just about as easily as they did numbers. This was in the nature of the computer as a general-purpose machine for manipulating and storing arbitrarily encoded symbols, as noted by the technology histo- rian Thomas Haigh.5 Nonetheless (or better, precisely because of this), the story of writing in the digital age is every bit as messy as the ink-stained rags that would have littered the  oor of Gutenberg’s print shop or the hot molten lead of the linotype machine. This book’s title is derived from the popular feature used to record revisions to a document in Microsoft Word; and the fate of digital manuscripts—what an electronic document  le can tell us about its own composition history—is a special scholarly and technical
x i i P r e fa c einterest of mine. But here I am interested in tracking even broader kinds of changes: in particular, recovering how authors thought about their newly acquired computers and their relationship to their writing, and how audiences—the reading public—imagined the same. There was a time when the future of word processing in literary circles seemed like an open question, and we will revisit that time in this book. Today, however, com- puters and word processors are simply part of literary life. The literary his- tory of word processing is in need of documenting, just as scholars have done for previous literary technologies, from charcoal-stained sticks to the “type-machine.”6Which is not to say that the place of word processing in literature is now settled, or that its past is easily divisible from its present. I am completing this book at a moment when, for the  rst time in over two decades, the word processing market is no longer dominated by a single enterprise-level package. Alternatives to Word, ranging from so-called artisanal software tools like Scrivener or WriteRoom to cloud-based apps and services, now offer more choices in our digital writing environments than at any time since the early 1980s. Screens are both expanding in size (through plasma tech- nology) and contracting (the supercomputers in our pocket we still plain- tively call “phones”). Voice recognition, which allows us (like Henry James) to write simply by speaking, is an everyday option. “Text” itself has become a verb.Track Changes is not a stylistic study. It does not seek to tease out subtle- ties of how individual authors’ writing styles may have been altered fol- lowing their adoption of word processing. I do not engage in the kind of computational text analysis or text mining we nowadays associate with the digital humanities. Neither do I seek to appraise whether word processing has been “good” or “bad” for literature as such. My agenda is both more ambitious and more modest: I accept that computers and word processing are aspects of the literary, and thus I try to help reconstruct the way in which this came to be and its signi cance for how we think about the ma- terial act of writing. In this I take my general cues from what we term book history, a  eld glossed by Ezra Greenspan and Jonathan Rose as the “so- cial, cultural, and economic history of authorship, publishing, printing, the book arts, copyright, censorship, bookselling and distribution, libraries, literacy, literary criticism, reading habits, and reader response.”7Many researchers and commentators have lately focused with much ur- gency on questions of reading in particular, and what words on the screen
Preface xiiimay mean for us—or literally do to us—as readers. There have been popular treatises and academic studies of reading digitally, there have been populist rants and jeremiads, and there have been scienti c, human- istic, and industry accounts of the state of reading today.8 But whereas e-books and e-reading devices did not become a major  xation for readers and publishers until after the turn of the millennium (despite years of promises and false starts), word processing, by contrast, has been a  xture of the literary since the start of the personal computer era. Track Changes thus seeks to narrate and describe in material and historical terms how computers, speci cally word processing, became integral to literary au- thorship and literary writing.The use of the inde nite article in my subtitle is deliberate and essential. This is unequivocally a literary history of word processing. By no means does my work accord equal attention to all aspects of Greenspan and Rose’s admirably capacious de nition above. Most apparently, this book is over- whelmingly biased toward Anglo-American authors writing prose  ction (to a lesser extent poetry) in English. This bias is a function of my limita- tions as a monolingual researcher. I do not wish to imply that Anglo- American authors were the inevitable early adopters or innovators, and if Track Changes spurs research into the literary history of word processing in other languages and writing systems, I will be enormously pleased, even if it shows the parochialism of my narrative to be all the more pronounced.9The technological focus of this book is likewise predetermined. Main- frame line editors or text editors, computer typesetting, desktop publishing, hypertext and interactive  ction, networked writing environments (like email or bulletin boards), and Web publishing technologies are all ad- dressed where appropriate, but they are not the main actors here. My focus is on word processors, by which I mean hardware and software for facili- tating the composition, revision, and formatting of free-form prose as part of an individual author’s daily work ow. The functional boundaries among the preceding technologies are of course porous and to a great extent arbi- trary; some will wish that my attention had been more expansive in this regard. Nonetheless, to the extent a distinction can be maintained, I have sought to write a literary history of word processing, not of electronic writing and publishing at large.And while I must be accountable to the contours of the particular his- tory I have limned, in many cases the speci c choice of focus is arbitrary— arbitrary in the sense that these were the stories that were recoverable to
x i v P r e fa c eme in the course of my research. But every author who uses a word pro- cessor has a story to tell. For the ones I have included here, I have come to them through my own interviews and oral histories, through authors’ pub- lished interviews and statements, through the  ndings of other scholars, biographers, critics, and fans, and through sleuthing in primary sources ranging from literary archives and special collections to back issues of Writer’s Digest, Byte magazine, and InfoWorld, as well as Facebook pages, blogs, Twitter feeds, and other content from the online world. I ran Google Books and Lexis-Nexus searches, and I scoured the online archives of the New York Review of Books and the Paris Review. Still, my scope and methods are imperfect and idiosyncratic, and I have relied on serendipity as well as due diligence. There will be individuals and episodes I have missed.10The story I tell has a particular center of gravity: the years 1964 to 1984. Although this book advances to (indeed, looks beyond) the present day, this twenty-year period is where much of the narrative unfolds. Why this particular span? 1964 was the year IBM released its Magnetic Tape Selectric Typewriter or MT/ST, the product that would, by the end of that same de- cade, become the core of their word processing product line. And of course 1984 has at least one large signi cance in the history of personal computing: it was the year the Apple Macintosh was released (it came to the attention of many people for the  rst time during a memorable sixty-second Super Bowl commercial, replete with Orwellian imagery and directed by Ridley Scott). The Macintosh introduced the public at large to the mouse, to win- dows, icons, bitmapped graphics, and to the whole point-and-click para- digm of working with a computer. But it had relatively little impact on lit- erary word processing, at least at  rst—the program that shipped with it, MacWrite, was considered weak (it could only handle documents of up to around eight pages), and it was several years before it would have seemed an attractive choice for most authors. One exception: the novelist Mona Simpson, who got a Mac very soon after they became available. Then working as an intern at the Paris Review, she was writing her  rst novel, Anywhere but Here (1986). Her biological brother—with whom she had recently been reunited—was Steve Jobs.11In the context of this book, however, 1984 is also notable for another reason. By then, according to data attributed to the Association of Ameri- can Publishers, somewhere between 40 percent and 50 percent of all literary authors in America were using word processors.12 Clearly a water-
P r e fa c e x vshed had been reached, at least in the United States.13 “Writers of all descriptions are stampeding to buy word processors,” grumped Thomas Pynchon in the New York Times Book Review that year, the same year Gore Vidal declared that word processing was “erasing” literature.14 In fact, the relevant time frame can be even more narrowly delimited, begin- ning in 1977. Zilog’s Z-80 microprocessor, the workhorse of the  rst gen- eration of home computer systems, had been released just the previous year. Electric Pencil, the  rst word processor written for a personal com- puter, had likewise become available at the very end of 1976. In 1977, the  rst generation of integrated systems (the TRS-80 Model I, Apple II, and Commodore PET) appeared. WordStar debuted in 1979. WordPerfect in 1980. The Osborne 1 and IBM PC in 1981. The Kaypro II in 1982. Micro- soft Word in 1983. The pace of technological advance (driven not just by idealistic notions of “progress” but by rapidly coalescing market forces) was intense, creating radically foreshortened time frames.15 In 1978 or 1979, writers using a word processor or a personal computer were part of the van- guard. By 1983 or 1984 they were merely part of the zeitgeist.16 A longtime associate of the annual Bread Loaf Writers’ Conference remembers that by the second half of the decade, “there was probably as much talk about word processing and hardware as there were complaints about the publishing industry and gossip.”17As its title makes plain, Track Changes lacks the usual middle distance between the subject matter of a book and the book’s means of composi- tion. I have therefore adopted a reverse chronological trajectory, generally working backward in time with my chapters. This maneuver, sometimes identi ed with what is called media archaeology, helps me avoid the temp- tation of lapsing into easy or self-ful lling narratives of technological pro- gress while simultaneously exposing the inherent strangeness of “word processing” through its increasingly remote—rather than increasingly familiar—incarnations. Where I can, I also allow my history to be related through the words of the persons who participated in it, preserving quota- tions from the authors themselves, critical commentators, and other con- temporaries as artifacts of a discourse that, while still proximate to us in time, will sometimes sound peculiar to us in its particulars. This book thus seeks to honor the curatorial mandate of its epigraph. Above all, I have strived to offer an account of what was perceived to be at stake with word processing, and address the question of why the technology—which at  rst may seem little more than a welcome upgrade of the typewriter—proved
xvi Prefaceso contentious. Individual people and systems, ideas and themes, even  gures of speech and frames of reference, reoccur; however, I hope I have also managed to convey the rich variety of writers’ experiences with com- puters, and the deep and abiding individuality of the act of writing—a quality no different in a digital medium than in any other.
Track Changes
INTRODUCTIONIt Is KnownBy any account George R. R. Martin’s interview with late-night talk show host Conan O’Brien was revealing. The Song of Ice and Fire author confessed his occasional squeamishness about killing off major characters,disclosed that the very earliest drafts of the stories didn’t have any dragons, and told of a missing persons case in Russia that was solved by a fan of HBO’s Game of Thrones who knew from watching the series that carrion-eating crows might lead to the victim’s location before it was too late. “They were sort of waiting for her to die so they could peck out her eyes,” O’Brien dead- panned. “It’s not exactly Lassie.” But none of this is what stuck with viewers the day after the author’s May 13, 2014, appearance on the show.Prompted by a question about the prodigious length of his books, Martin also talked about his writing process—speci cally his reliance on a DOS- era computer, with no Internet connection, on which he runs a program called WordStar. He called his antique computer his “secret weapon” and suggested that the lack of distraction (and isolation from the threat of com- puter viruses, which he apparently regards as more rapacious than any drag- on’s  re) accounted for his long-running productivity.That was the segment that went viral on social media. The clip was posted to YouTube and from there embedded in innumerable tweets, Facebook feeds, and blogs.1 Some commenters immediately, if indulgently, branded Martin a Luddite, while others opined it was no wonder it was taking him so long to  nish the whole story (or less charitably, no wonder that it all seemed so interminable). But what was it about these seemingly ob- scure details that people found so compelling? Part of it was no doubt1
2 TRACK CHANGESthe unexpected blend of novelty and nostalgia: Many fans would be old enough to remember WordStar for themselves, and the intricacy of its inter- face seems somehow in keeping with Martin’s quirky persona, part paternal- istic grandfather and part Doctor Who character. WordStar thus becomes an accessory to his public image, like the black  sherman’s cap he is frequently photographed wearing. But it is also clearly much more than that. Martin’s passion for the program is unmistakable: “It does everything I want a word processing program to do and it doesn’t do anything else,” he declared. “I don’t want any help . . . I hate some of these modern systems where you type a lowercase letter and it becomes a capital. I don’t want a capital; if I’d wanted a capital I would have typed a capital, I know how to work the Shift key.”And thus, to echo a refrain from the epic high-fantasy series, it is known.2 The surprise, of course, was not that Martin uses a computer, but that he uses that computer and that particular word processing program (WordStar 4.0 was released in 1987, and Windows had surpassed DOS as Microsoft’s most popular operating system by the early 1990s). Martin’s response brought home to viewers that we can become habituated to something like a piece of software just as we do a favorite pen or a particular weight of paper.Indeed, writers’ responses to writing instruments have always been equal parts intimate and uncompromising, and word processing is no different in this regard. Dennis Baron, who has discussed WordStar in the context of his own personal engagement with writing technologies, chooses to empha- size its rough edges, the clutter of its on-screen menus and the cumber- some nature of the keyboard commands necessary to perform tasks we now accomplish with just a click of the mouse. Though he acknowledges its sig- ni cance in its moment, he is also happy to bid it good riddance.3 But Word- Star was no Rube Goldberg-like contraption or a half-baked bit of code: on the contrary, it was a triumph of both software engineering and what we would nowadays call user-centered design. WordStar dominated the home computer market in the  rst half of the 1980s before losing out to Word- Perfect, itself to be eclipsed by Microsoft Word. Initially sold through mail order (it came on diskette in a plastic baggie), WordStar set the standard for word processing in the  rst generation of personal computers. It was the brainchild of a typical Silicon Valley marriage between a so-called suit and a beard. The program was marketed by a company named MicroPro, the creation of software pioneer Seymour Rubinstein. The programming, how- ever, was done by Rob Barnaby, who single-handedly wrote an astonishing
Introduction 3137,000 lines of code in a six-month period in 1978. The initial market was not “Windows” or “Mac” (neither of which existed) but an operating system that predated even DOS called CP/M. Little known today, CP/M at the time powered a number of top-selling personal computers, including the Osborne and the Kaypro, both originally designed for the business executive market. Rubinstein would ensure that WordStar was available for both products, an arrangement that also made them attractive to many home users—including writers. By 1984 WordStar had captured nearly a quarter of the word pro- cessing market.4 Authors who cut their teeth on it include  gures as diverse as Michael Chabon, Arthur C. Clarke, Ralph Ellison, William F. Buckley Jr., Eve Kosofsky Sedgwick, and Anne Rice (who in turn equipped her vam- pire Lestat with WordStar when it came time for him to write his own el- dritch memoirs).WordStar today still enjoys something of a cult following among science  ction and fantasy novelists, including (besides Martin), for much of his career, Frederick Pohl as well as Robert J. Sawyer, who has written a long exposition explaining his attachment to the program.5 Its longevity is all the more remarkable because WordStar was initially inspired by what we would today call a hack: Barnaby had previously taken the command-line editor already built into CP/M (which allowed a programmer to enter and revise code one line at a time) and made the screen display instead a full page of text. From there it was but a short step to the so-called WYSIWYG para- digm, which was the cornerstone of Rubinstein’s marketing strategy: “What You See Is What You Get.” What was on the screen was what would be on the page when you printed it, or such was the claim. WordStar included such early features as word-wrap, automatic hyphenation, full justi cation of text, and the graphical display of page breaks. All were seemingly modest enhancements, but all of them were carefully designed to reinforce the illusion of a seamless transition from the cramped monochrome cathode ray display to the crisp, clean surface of a freshly printed sheet of paper.6But if WYSIWYG was the marketing mantra, this alone wasn’t what made the program so attractive to writers. Here Sawyer’s insights, later ex- tended by Ralph Ellison scholar Adam Bradley, are vital. On the one hand, WordStar—paying close attention to the physical layout of the keys to mini- mize wasteful  nger movements—was designed to maximize the ef ciency of the touch typist.7 Nonetheless, as Sawyer demonstrates, WordStar actu- ally adheres to a model of composition derived from longhand. Part of this has to do with its keyboard commands: “WordStar’s powerful suite of cursor
4 TRACK CHANGEScommands lets me  y all over my manuscript, without ever getting lost,” Sawyer writes.8 Whereas the strike of the typewriter’s keys forces the writer ever forward, character by character, line by line, WordStar’s intricate layers of push-button inputs allowed far more freedom and  exibility. So exten- sive were the combinations and permutations that MicroPro even provided a cardboard stencil of crib notes that could be  tted conveniently around a keyboard.More fundamentally WordStar’s debt to longhand rests on what in soft- ware terms is called a “mode.” Many readers will recognize modes from their own experience: When you switch back and forth between different “screens” or interfaces within the same application to accomplish different kinds of tasks, you are working within different modes. Though most of today’s software makes mode transitions as invisible and seamless as pos- sible, they are often still conspicuous on newer platforms and applications. When I read a Google doc on my iPad, for example, I  nd I have to manu- ally switch from a View to an Edit mode in order to make changes to the text. Sawyer’s insight is that a modal model replicates the typewriter (cor- rection tape and other mechanical hacks notwithstanding, composition and editing remained two very distinct activities when working on the type- writer); whereas the modeless model to which most software aspires in fact resembles a longhand approach to document composition, with all the freedom and  exibility that it affords.Barnaby and Rubinstein grasped this at the very outset of the home com- puter era. In effect, WordStar’s genius was that it used the layout of the typewriter keyboard to replicate the freedom of longhand composition, com- bining the ef ciency of typing with a hands-on, no-nonsense approach to really handling a manuscript—almost as if the writer was somehow ruf ing the electronic pages, marking them up and blocking off passages, sorting them into piles and  agging them with bits of scrap paper or colored ribbon or bubble gum wrappers. “The distinction between the modes is no more distracting than the lifting of ball-point from paper to reposition one’s pen,” says Sawyer.9 Adam Bradley, in his scholarship on Ralph Ellison’s use of WordStar, similarly notes that “with the entire document as his workspace, he had unfettered  exibility.”10 It should be added that Bradley is not just speaking impressionistically here; in editing the posthumous manuscripts for publication (the un nished second novel that was redacted as Juneteenth and published in its fuller form as Three Days Before the Shooting . . . ), he has made a detailed study of all of Ellison’s manuscript materials, both paper
Introduction 5and digital, and written extensively about the patterns of attention and re- vision he is able to discern from them.Word processing thus means much more than turning a computer into a souped-up typewriter. (There was much that typewriter users had to un- learn when confronting their  rst word processor, such as the need to zing the carriage return—a point also made by Baron.) Michael Heim, who wrote the  rst book to treat word processing not technically or vocationally but philosophically, saw the fundamental difference as one of symbols. Word processors, which is to say computers, reduce all of their input and output to symbolic tokens that are themselves numeric—mere indicators of discrete physical events like voltages and currents and magnetic polarities. The user sees only distant shadows of these phenomena, which are recast as phos- phorescent  ickers on her screen—shapes and letters, still and moving pic- tures, all of which we recognize and manipulate. The result of all those dense layers of mediation amplifying and echoing one another is an utterly unique experience, one that many of us can still remember from our own  rst encounter with a word processor. Writing in 1987, Heim casts it in terms of joy and emancipation: “After the  rst  ve months, many people who write on computers are enraptured,” he says. “This is bliss. Here is true freedom.”11This is a profound claim. For the truth is that whether it’s writer’s cramp or the pencil point that breaks from too much pressure or the typewriter keys that jam, writing invariably runs into resistance. It is not as if Heim does not understand this. He quotes Emile-Auguste Chartier (“Alain”): “My pen is always trying to go through the paper; my writing is like wood sculp- ture.”12 Yet Heim sees word processing as a profound rupture with this his- tory of material resistance, this push and pull between aching bodies and blank surfaces, instruments, and inscriptions. Others followed him in this regard. For example, Mark Poster in uentially yoked electronic writing and electronic media to poststructuralist theory, and spoke in explicitly Der- ridean terms about computers “dematerializing” the “trace” of writing; he celebrated the “evanescent, instantly transformable” texts thus created.13 Hannah Sullivan, a superb scholar who studies habits of revision in mod- ernist authors like Joyce and Woolf, also accepts this emancipatory logic, noting that “nowadays the cost of revision has fallen almost to zero.” Because every electronic text is always in a state of inde nite  ux (at least theoreti- cally), she says, revision, although technically easier to practice, is also (prac- tically speaking) less pressing—you can always change the text tomorrow instead of today.14
6 TRACK CHANGESThese observations resonate because they comport with our own day- to-day experiences of writing on devices as diverse as tablets and laptops and phones with both traditional and touchscreen keyboards, or perhaps even of writing with voice recognition and hand gestures. But computers, word processors, and other digital devices are themselves only technologies— artifacts designed, machined, and built by human hands. Software pro- grams are technological artifacts too—Rob Barnaby’s 137,000 lines of assembly code that formed the basis for the original WordStar were a kind of virtual machine, humming along without a hitch only because the wrenches in the system were systematically removed one by one in the painstaking process of debugging. Where, then, can we locate the resistance—a concept, after all, fundamental to electrical engineering—and, pace Poster, where might we locate the materiality of word processing? If we can, then George R. R. Martin’s preference for WordStar becomes no more idiosyncratic than, say, novelist Claire Messud’s insistence on a particular brand of graph paper notebook.15Why does a literary history of word processing matter, and what should it be besides a compendium of authors and dates and programs or machines? Is knowing that George R. R. Martin uses WordStar the same as knowing that he prefers chocolate ice cream to vanilla (something I just made up)? Or is it more like knowing that he is a student of England’s War of the Roses (something that is true). It is not hard to see the in uence of the latter in the tangled epics Martin weaves around knights, battles, and royal intrigue, and one could reasonably expect to derive some insight into his plots, characterization, and themes from a study of the con ict. In truth, however, neither of these analogies seems right to me. Certainly knowing that Martin uses WordStar means more than knowing his favorite ice cream. But knowing that Martin uses WordStar, even knowing something about its particular features and affordances as a word processing program, is at best a dim pretense for any real illumination of his  ction; Martin’s books, genre  ction though they may be, mean many things to many different people, and they are not reducible to a single explanatory agent or element. Computational text analysis can show us much, but it would take a lot of convincing for me to believe that Martin’s sentence structures (for example) are tied in any signi cant degree to the speci cs of WordStar’s keyboard commands. Adam Bradley, in his consideration of Ralph Ellison’s use of
Introduction 7WordStar during the later phases of the long-stymied composition of his second novel, similarly rejects the idea that the computer was somehow responsible for Ellison’s failure to complete it.16 Any analysis that imagines a single technological artifact in a position of authority over something as com- plex and multifaceted as the production of a literary text is suspect in my view, and re ects an impoverished understanding of the writer’s craft.17 By the same token, however, knowing that Martin uses WordStar still seems important; it seems like something we probably should know, just as we know the precise make and model of the typewriter Twain once owned, and just as we know details of the design of the tiny table on which Jane Austen did her writing at Chawton Cottage (it was twelve-sided, made of walnut wood, and set on a tripod). We don’t know exactly why it is important to know these things, but we know we would rather know them than not.In Martin’s case, this knowledge is perhaps easiest to appreciate when we consider his reputation for writing very long books, with divergent plotlines involving dozens of different characters, their paths (that is, their literal plots) now converging, now diverging. It is not as if Game of Thrones were some kind of kabbalistic commentary on WordStar’s antiquated formalisms, which we are only now, with this newfound knowledge, clever enough to decode; nor is it that WordStar enables Martin’s productivity at any simple instrumental level—many authors before him have written very long books involving multithreaded story arcs. But it surely does facilitate it in some very practical ways, as Martin’s own remarks on Conan attest. The image of the writer’s hands fused to the keyboard, never needing to lift themselves to manipulate a mouse as the sentences unfurl themselves beneath his  ying  ngers is a compelling one, comporting as it does with the kind of commit- ment and endurance such an oeuvre demands.18For years the Guardian newspaper has run an occasional series called “Writers’ Rooms,” which was joined in 2011 by “Writers’ Desktops,” show- casing the virtual workspaces of individual authors’ daily computer environ- ments. Skeptics may ascribe such a feature to vulgar author worship, the pedant’s or fan’s (or voyeur’s) insatiable, irrational craving for intimacy, ownership, and omniscience that A. S. Byatt once summarized with the title of her novel Possession (1990). But novelist Tom McCarthy, subject of the inaugural installment, disagrees. “Technology reveals us to ourselves as we always in fact were,” he says. “Networked, distributed, laced with code.”19 Robert Pinsky, writing some years ago in Wired magazine, is more prosaic: “I  nd the computer utterly a human artifact. It reeks of us, as do
8 TRACK CHANGESour trombones, and cars, and scissors, and parades, and pizzas. Technology is exactly like humanity. It is our baby, and we are its.”20 Artifacts have politics, and details about particular systems and software could well be of interest to future scholars, much as bibliographers have reconstructed the minutiae of work arrangements in eighteenth-century printing houses or archaeologists make models and mock-ups of Sumerian tablets or labor historians interview workers at a newspaper.21 Moreover, there is an eminently practical compo- nent to this kind of knowledge, particularly where it concerns a technology as complex as a personal computer. Efforts to preserve authors’ electronic manuscripts—say, a unique version of a text delicately held in the symbolic array of magnetic polarities suspended atop a 51⁄4-inch plastic disk’s iron oxide coating—will depend on our precise knowledge of the operating sys- tems, software, hardware, and data structures then in use. We will return to this topic in Chapter 10, but documentation of an author’s computing envi- ronment is invaluable to the mission of contemporary archives and special collections, where a hard drive is as likely to be the object of preservation as a Moleskine notebook or a sheaf of typescript tied with a threadbare cord.If the requirements of future document preservationists were all that mat- tered, we could cede this ground to specialists and allow them to collect such data as they needed in the course of their dealings with authors, agents, and estates. But the exigencies of preservation do not, I believe, serve to capture our collective fascination with George R. R. Martin and WordStar, or for that matter Jane Austen and her writing table. To fully articulate what is at stake, we have to recognize that these are profoundly humanistic con- cerns. We can  nd conscious expressions of them going back at least to Vico’s verum factum principle in the early eighteenth century.22 More re- cently such concerns bring us to what the literary and textual scholar Jerome McGann has termed the scholar’s art: “Not only are Sappho and Shake- speare primary, irreducible concerns for the scholar, so is any least part of our cultural inheritance that might call for attention,” asserts McGann. “And to the scholarly mind, every smallest datum of that inheritance has a right to make its call. When the call is heard, the scholar is obliged to answer it accurately, meticulously, candidly, thoroughly.”23Such datum points can sometimes open surprising avenues for critical interventions. Evija Tro mova, for example, meditates on the mundane ac- coutrements often accompanying Paul Auster’s scenes of writing, in both his  ction and his personal circumstances—cigarettes, (red) notebooks, and typewriters— nding in them entrée points to the key formal elements
Introduction 9of the oeuvre, including “mises en abyme, narrative splits, and alternative storylines.” “But all of this,” she continues, “can only become visible if one dares to turn away, for a moment, from the centered intent of the human author and to look more closely at the work of ‘things.’”24 (Nor is she the  rst to sense this: Auster’s typewriter has been repeatedly painted by the artist Sam Messer, and the book he and Auster subsequently collaborated on naturally becomes a primary text in Tro mova’s analysis.)25 Not all authors will reward such consideration equally—the choice of Auster was no more arbitrary for Tro mova than it was for Messer—but McGann (and Vico) serve to remind us that Auster is anomalous only in the degree to which this is so, not in the more elemental truths of what the scholar’s art encompasses. All writers write with the aid of particular things, be they DOS-enabled computers, Olympia typewriters, or Rhodia graph paper—the literary world’s pizzas and trombones.George R. R. Martin has sold some thirty million books. His work has been translated into more than thirty different languages. But we can’t know what goes on inside his head as he writes them; neither, for that matter, can George R. R. Martin. This is the universal reality of writing: the wrenching of thoughts and ideas through the sieve of language, one line, one sentence, one page at a time.26 But close up against the chasm between composition and inspiration we  nd—always—material things and technol- ogies. “There may be speech without tools or tangible materials,” notes John Durham Peters, “but writing always requires both.”27 Even a piece of software like WordStar, for all of its seeming elusive ineffability, is tangible in this important sense: it is ineluctably there, pushing back against our in-  nitely wider array of human foibles and fumbling as we settle in before the screen, its blinking cursor the gateway to an exactingly scripted space of logic, action, and reaction. This is the essence of those machines (like com- puters) that are purpose-built to function as formal systems: “We know every step in the production of a computer microprocessor, and every part of every part,” writes W. Brian Arthur, a scientist at the Santa Fe Institute. “We know exactly how the processor operates, and all the pathways of the electrons inside it.”28 The novelist Vikram Chandra, who for many years also worked as a computer programmer, explains his own delight at this same realization: “There were mysteries, things I didn’t understand, but there were always answers. If I tried hard, there was always a logic to discover,
10 TRACK CHANGESan internal order and consistency . . . I could produce these harmonies, test them, see them work.”29Martin’s intimate knowledge of WordStar’s functions and keyboard pat- terns might be best characterized as tacit knowledge, the extraordinary com- bination of muscle memory and unarticulated experience that enables us to perform very complex tasks without conscious effort or consciously knowing how to do them. Tacit knowledge is necessary for the  ow states many writers cite as characteristic of their most productive sessions, and they deeply resent anything that jolts them out of that zone.30 (Thus Martin’s comment about autocorrect, for example.) In the wake of the widespread adoption of word processing by writers in the 1980s, composition researchers such as Daniel Chandler and Christina Haas worked to articulate the speci c components of tacit knowledge in computing in order to better understand the new realities of the writing process.31 Haas found, for example, that screen size and other aspects of the graphical interface had a measurable impact on what she termed an author’s “sense of the text,” his or her ability to conceive of it as a whole, a gestalt—and that this in turn had implications for how the writer approached the task of revision.32 Chandler, meanwhile, called such tacit knowledge “resonance,” the way in which small, seemingly insigni cant details of a particular technology ended up mattering a great deal to a writer, often for inexplicable or inarticulate reasons. An example might be the feel of a keyboard like IBM’s now-defunct Model M, the way in which its keys, once depressed, spring back into their upright position with a distinct, authoritative “click.” (So integral is this experience to some users’ con dence and comfort at the keyboard that Model M devotees have been known to stockpile spares.)33Friedrich Nietzsche famously declared that our writing tools shape our thoughts, a terse aphorism whose own presentation as such re ects the in-  uence of the Malling-Hansen Writing Ball (an early typewriter whose keys were arranged in a half-sphere) that he began using in 1882 as his eyesight deteriorated.34 Word processors, futuristic in design but also often awkward or arbitrary in their actual operation, provoked just such re ections among writers. “Do we think differently about what we are writing if we are writing it with a reed pen or a pen delicately whittled from the pinion of a goose, or a steel pen manufactured in exact and unalterable replication in Man- chester,” asked William Dickey, a poet who would experiment with Apple’s HyperCard software late in his life. “Do we feel differently, is the stance and poise of our physical relationship to our work changed, and if it is, does
Introduction 1 1that change also affect the nature and forms of our ideas?”35 Dickey’s self- questioning here anticipates the exigencies of what McGann would come to term the scholar’s art, for the questions Dickey asks are unresolvable ab- sent close and careful attention to the particulars of individual writers and their writing instruments.It would be dif cult to point to an author at a greater remove from George R. R. Martin and his vocation of epic high fantasy than Lucille Clifton, the African American poet, children’s book author, essayist, and educator who was also a poet laureate of the state of Maryland. “The strength of her poetry, which seldom contained capital letters or standard punctua- tion, came from its simplicity,” noted the Washington Post in her obituary.36 Nevertheless, she and Martin shared this much at least: she relied on an obsolete word processor for much of her career, in her case a Philips/ Magnavox VideoWRITER 250. An ungainly device not unlike a Star Wars droid in appearance, the VideoWRITER featured an oblong monitor thrust forward over a keyboard attached to it by a coiled cable (one early reviewer described it as resembling a microwave oven).37 Its thermal transfer printer was built in as well, so a sheet of paper would have come curling out of the back of the unit. It was not a general purpose computer but rather a dedi- cated word processor, marketed to consumers who wanted to avoid the com- plexities (and expense) of the former in favor of a machine devoted solely to writing. It was therefore designed to be “user-friendly” (unlike WordStar, with its baroque chorded keyboard sequences, its keys came with labels like Spell, Print, and Help). First introduced in 1985, it retailed for $800.Clifton appears to have begun using hers in 1988, at the very height of her career.38 She relied on it, not to grind out millions of words of prose  ction, but to keyboard the sparse lines of her poetry for all of her books except her  nal collection, Voices (2008). Indeed, by her own account, she did not “write” on it at all but rather composed predominantly in her head and then simply used the screen to lay out the text. “By the time I get to where I’m sitting down to print out on a word processor, I’ve edited in my head,” she says in an interview. “I work in my head a lot,” she continued. “I can’t work with a pen and paper either. I need to see the look of the thing as close to print as I can.”39A word processor is ideally suited to furnish hard copy on demand, but what accounts for her long-term attachment to this one in particular? Perhaps it was its promised ease of use, at least initially, followed by the comfort of a familiar routine. But Clifton was no technophobe; she owned
12 TRACK CHANGESat least one other computer late in her life and had become a proli c user of email. Notably, however, the VideoWRITER’s screen, which displayed text in monochrome amber, had an unusual aspect ratio, the term by which its lateral dimension is measured. It was thus considerably wider than it was high, displaying 100 characters across as opposed to the more typical 80 or 40. Clifton, for whom the visual appearance of the poem as printed on the page was paramount, may have stuck with it because the screen had such ample room in the horizontal, so that she never had to worry about the rhythm or look of a line being disrupted by a forced break. In other words, it preserved—indeed, enabled—her sense of the text. She would maintain the VideoWRITER in good working order for two decades, and regardless of how much of her composition she did in her head, it clearly meant something more to her than just a contrivance for producing hard copy. This particular writing instrument—and its resonance—has left a subtle but insistent imprint on her work. Surely the scholar’s art demands that we be as sensitized to the VideoWRITER’s distinctive characteristics as any other aspect of Clifton’s biography and circumstances.Rather than adopting commercial products like Martin and Clifton, the essayist and journalist John McPhee deliberately shaped his writing software in self-conscious imitation of his long-standing habits of organizing projects. Since 1984 he has relied on a suite of custom-designed applications cen- tered upon an obscure IBM-compatible editing program called Kedit. He recounts the story of a friend at Princeton University who listened to his description of how he  lled notebooks and journals, transcribed and typed and retyped the entries, cut them apart with scissors, and then pasted them back together again. “Howard [J. Strauss] wrote programs to run with Kedit in imitation of how I had gone about things for two and a half decades,” McPhee recalls.40 Chief among these is one called Structur [sic], which “ex- plodes” individual notes into discrete  les that then become the basis for future writing in Kedit, and another program, called Alpha, which performs the reverse function, consolidating and collapsing an array of different  les into a single  le with internally ordered segments that McPhee can edit and revise as he sees  t. McPhee, of course, is particularly known for his interest in the convergence of the natural world and built infrastructure, in books such as The Control of Nature (1989) and Uncommon Carriers (2006). In the essay from which I have quoted here, “Structure,” he writes about a group of intangible software programs that serve to emulate the structures of his own thought, in turn allowing him to shape and give structure to his
Introduction 1 3extended writing projects. Structur and Alpha are one-of-a-kind writing instruments created in a single author’s image: to know the software is to know something of the mind of the writer, however obliquely.When tens of thousands of people shared, tweeted, or embedded the clip from George R. R. Martin’s Conan interview, it was doubtless with the sense of casual novelty—“get-a-load-of-this”—that characterizes so much of the social Web. But there was also something more at work—the sense, however intuitive or instinctive, that this was something worth knowing, speci cally worth knowing about this author and his writing. Not that Word- Star explained anything, exactly. But the contrast between the inaccessible recesses of Martin’s mind—knowable only to him, at best only in partial and fragmentary form—and the banality of the instrument through which he channels its expression is, I believe, a large measure of what accounts for the fascination with the technical details of his computer system. We can read about what it was like to use WordStar, even going back to original documentation; we can look at screenshots or video capture of the software in operation; we can experiment with an emulated version to get a more hands-on feel; we can even  nd an old Kaypro or Osborne or DOS PC and  re it up for ourselves.41 The black box is cracked open, if only a little: not a muse descending, just George R. R. Martin pecking away with his vintage software to create the story-world that immerses millions of people.42WordStar  t. It complemented Martin in the same way, perhaps, as Jack Kerouac’s famous typing of On the Road on a 120-foot roll of paper or Auster’s cigarettes and Olympia typewriter. “The best writers,” concludes Tom McCarthy, “have always understood that to write is to both grapple with, and to some extent, allegorize the very regime of technological mediation without which writing wouldn’t exist in the  rst place.”43 The technological regime McCarthy is speaking of here is writing’s interface, by which I mean not only what is literally depicted on a screen (menus, icons, and windows) but also an interface in the fuller sense of a complete, embodied relation- ship between a writer and his or her writing materials—the stance and poise and “feel” invoked by William Dickey. In other words, McCarthy is speaking of what we earlier termed materiality, the materiality of both word pro- cessing and of writing more generally. This materiality often has implica- tions for interpretation, and it always has implications for preservation and documentation, for history and for memory. This is the scholar’s art. But ma- teriality also grounds us. It demysti es. Materiality is where—is how—our knowing begins.
 ONEWORD PROCESSING AS A LITERARY SUBJECTNot long after he began work in earnest on the mechanical tabulating machine that would be called the Difference Engine, the nineteenth- century British inventor Charles Babbage found himself a regular guest atthe table of Samuel Rogers, a poet who lived in a lavishly rebuilt house in London’s St. James overlooking Green Park. The two had struck up a friend- ship through Rogers’s brother, a banker, with whom Babbage had  nancial dealings. Rogers’s breakfasts had long been an institution among London’s literati, a place where Coleridge might talk with J. M. W. Turner as Walter Scott passed a pot of jam to Byron. Babbage, of course, was no poet, though from time to time the idea of writing a novel had crossed his mind as a means of  nancing his long-deferred work on another project, the Analyt- ical Engine—the device whose design foresaw many of the principles of a universal machine that would be articulated by Alan Turing a century later.At one such breakfast, however, Babbage the polymath found himself dis- coursing not on his engines, or mathematics, astronomy, or indeed any of the numerous other topics with which he was acquainted, but on composi- tion. How did a poet work, he inquired: Did one start with a fast, rough draft of the whole and then go back to revise, or is the process sentence by sentence, line by line, laboring over each until it was just so before moving on to the next? His host employed the latter method: Rogers ventured that he had never once written more than four (or maybe it was six) lines of verse in a single day, so fastidious was he about the perfection and polish of each. It was said that Robert Southey, by contrast,  ew through his drafts, turning out poetry and prose at prodigious rates and going back to revise only after14
Word Processing as a Literary Subject 15he had a thick sheaf of pages. And so it goes, a bit of literary table talk of the sort writers have been engaging in for centuries. Still, here we have the individual generally credited with anticipating the concepts of modern com- putation chatting with some of the foremost literary  gures of his day about the nuts and bolts of writing and revision.1Word processing would seem an obvious literary subject, for table talk or otherwise. Many of us must imagine that its present-day ubiquity was somehow preordained, the trajectory of its uptake as smooth as the convex curve of a classic CRT screen. And indeed, word processing’s standard nar- rative possesses an overwhelming sense of inevitability. Typically one of the very  rst moves journalists or technical writers would make in introducing readers to the topic was to align it with the long history of prior writing tech- nologies. References to Sumerian cuneiform or monks in scriptoria or Gutenberg’s printing press suddenly abounded in the computer industry. “Thousands of years ago, people put their thoughts down on clay tablets,” began Byte magazine’s December 1984 review of WordPerfect. “Modern authors have the word processor.”2 These contemporary descriptions sound a lot like today’s TED Talks and other Silicon Valley disruption scenarios: “A word processor is, quite simply, the most amazing thing that has hap- pened to writing in years,” begins the author of a column in the August 1983 issue of Writer’s Digest.3 Ray Hammond, just one year later in the preface to a handbook about word processing addressed speci cally to literary au- thors and journalists, agrees: “The computer is the most powerful tool ever developed for writers.”4The freedom and  exibility that word processing apparently afforded— what Michael Heim experienced as bliss—seemed so absolute that it was hard to conceive of the technology as even having a history apart from the long series of clearly inferior writing utensils leading up to the present-day marvel. Yet, however inevitable the development of word processing might have seemed in the history of writing writ large, serious literature—belles lettres—was another story. Hammond acknowledged that among creative writers, “computers have a terrible image, one which at best bores writers and at worst terri es them.”5 The exception should not be surprising. John Durham Peters reminds us that according to the best evidence we have, writing was invented as a mnemonic device for bookkeeping and calculation, not as a surrogate for speech. And he notes that books—let alone anything we might care to characterize as belles lettres—have never been the main- stay of printing, which gravitated overwhelmingly toward instrumental texts
16 TRACK CHANGESlike bills, records, indulgences, and reference works.6 Likewise, scholars such as Peter Stallybrass and Lisa Gitelman have demonstrated that the mainstay of printing in the West since Gutenberg has been so-called “job printing” (a nineteenth-century term), as opposed to codices and books, with perhaps the exception of the Bible itself.7 And according to John Guillory, it is the intra-of ce memo (not the novel or the sonnet) that stands as the “humblest yet perhaps most ubiquitous genre of writing in the modern world.”8Approaching word processing as a speci cally literary subject therefore means acknowledging that we seek to concern ourselves with a statistically exceptional form of writing that has accounted for only a narrow segment of the historical printing and publishing industry. Moreover, for the literati, word processing was invariably burdened (not buoyed) by the associations carried by the gerund in that compound term, which could function as a foil for nothing less than humanity itself. “The writer, unless he is a mere word processor, retains three attributes that power-mad regimes cannot tol- erate: a human imagination, in the many forms it may take; the power to communicate; and hope,” opined Margaret Atwood in a 1981 address to Amnesty International.9 When conceptualist Kenneth Goldsmith—who has built a reputation on his verbatim transcriptions of traf c reports and news- paper dailies—declares, “I used to be an artist; then I became a poet; then a writer. Now when asked, I simply refer to myself as a word processor,” he implies that he is merely part of the zeitgeist; but in fact the comment provokes us precisely because of word processing’s associations with mechanization, automation, and repetition; bureaucracy, productivity, and of ce work.10Novelists, dramatists, poets, and essayists nowadays set preferences and manage  les more often than they change ribbons and zing carriage returns. Yet neither the designers of word processors nor the inventors of the type- writer envisioned literary writing as the inevitable application for their machines. The typewriter was initially conceived and marketed as an aid to the blind, deaf, and motor-impaired, and for taking down dictation. Ham- mond calls it a “desperately limited tool . . . totally linear in operation, frus- trating a writer’s attempts to mold a piece of writing as a whole.”11 (For Hammond the computer is much closer to working with paper and pencil than a typewriter is, a conclusion we have also seen in Robert Sawyer and Adam Bradley’s observations about WordStar.) Nonetheless, typewriters would enjoy early and notable associations with literary culture and cre-
Word Processing as a Literary Subject 17ativity, as catalyzed by Twain’s celebrity and most fully embodied by T. S. Eliot’s typing of The Waste Land a generation later, a poem in which a typist (that is, a type writer)  gures prominently.12 Hannah Sullivan has shown how typewriting during this period was quickly assimilated into indi- vidual authors’ work ows, though still functioning primarily as a site of revision and correction as opposed to free-form composition (most writers continued to draft longhand).13 Some writers learned to type up manuscripts for themselves, numerous others employed secretaries and assistants—an often gendered dynamic that, as we will see in Chapter 7, was reproduced decades later with the advent of word processing. Typewriting also became an important part of the representational fabric of modernism through  g- ures as diverse as H. N. Werkman, Gertrude Stein, and Bob Brown.14Darren Wershler, who has given us perhaps our best book on typewriting, enumerates the iconic imagery that quickly took hold: close-ups of the ham- mers and keys, inky letterforms steadily stamped behind a ribbon, or else (aurally now) the staccato chatter of the mechanism to signify productivity.15 The totality of this image complex was as absolute as it was in some sense unexpected—as Adam Bradley astutely notes with regard to  ction writers, “it is a testament to their success in harnessing the typewriter’s capacity as a tool for creative expression that we most often think of typewriters in the nostalgic light of the hard-boiled writer cranking out pages by dim lamp- light.”16 (Ernest Hemingway took to staging photographs of himself at his typewriter in which he appears to be looking into the face of his muse like a toreador staring down a bull.) Yet Bradley also reminds us that the asso- ciation between typewriting and literary productivity “was a mastery achieved only over time, and with many casualties among those authors unable to adapt.”17Cinema has furnished some especially vivid portrayals of those casualties. Consider the typewriters (equally monstrous and mundane) that tortured William Lee in Naked Lunch (1991) or John Turturro’s character in the Coen brothers’ Barton Fink (also 1991); or the way in which Stanley Ku- brick used a typewriter to record the deteriorating mind of Jack Nichol- son’s character in the  lm adaptation of The Shining (1980). (The scene where Shelley Duvall confronts her husband’s prodigious output of pages, all containing repetitions of the same phrase, is a restaging of Truman Capote’s famous put-down of that other Jack—Kerouac—“It is not writing. It is only typing.”)18 It would seem that word processing can’t help but make for a poor cinematic prop by comparison, facilitated as it is by mass-produced
18 TRACK CHANGESmachines made of plastic, not metal, the bold rattle of the keys replaced by muted clicks and clacks, the backlit screen but a pale counterpart to the ex- istential whiteness of the page.19 “The idea of taking everything and cram- ming it into this little electronic box designed by some nineteen-year-old in Silicon Valley . . . I can’t imagine it,” David Mamet once declared.20 Com- puters thus seem far removed from the most iconic renditions of literary authorship: more fax machine than fountain pen, we might say. “I am sur- prised by how much I like my computer,” admits Anne Fadiman. “But I will never love it. I have used several; they seem indistinguishable. When you’ve seen one pixel you’ve seen them all.”21By contrast, evidence that the typewriter is now a consummate literary subject (and object) is seemingly everywhere today: typewriter appreciation pieces, some thoughtful, many merely wistful, are a mainstay of journalists and essayists;22 the Internet routinely spawns lists of famous authors and their favorite typewriters;23 hipsters carry typewriters into coffee shops and set them up next to their espresso (and then post pictures to social media);24 Steven Soboroff’s collection of typewriters belonging to everyone from the Unabomber to John Updike regularly tours and is exhibited for charity;25 Tom Hanks, a well-known a cionado, bankrolled an iPad app called the Hanx Writer that imitates the look and especially the sound of a typewriter on a touchscreen;26 and when Hanks wrote an op-ed for the New York Times to launch the Hanx Writer, he lamented that audiences at Nora Ephron’s Lucky Guy (in which he had recently starred in his Broadway debut as tab- loid journalist Mike McAlary), got only the subdued clickety-clacks of word processors in the on-stage newsroom, rather than the hardboiled racket of vintage typewriters.27 As tellingly as any of these, when Manson Whitlock’s New Haven typewriter repair shop closed after his death at the age of 96, the story was covered in the New York Times. “I don’t even know what a computer is,” he was quoted as saying in 2010.28The ubiquity of computers and word processors has clearly allowed us to retroactively buff and varnish the typewriter’s aura of authenticity. Thus typewriter collector and scholar Richard Polt has collected numerous such instances as I have been describing into an attractively produced book entitled The Typewriter Revolution, whose opening manifesto enjoins readers to hold public “type-ins” and otherwise promote typing’s tactility as an alternative to the seductive distractions of the “data stream.”29 Just as importantly, however, we should acknowledge that vectors of in uence can be bidirectional and recursive, and otherwise follow strange loops—a phe-
Word Processing as a Literary Subject 19nomenon evident in the work of artist Tim Youd, who stages public perfor- mances in which he retypes, word for word, page by page, classic American novels on vintage typewriters in a place associated with the book in ques- tion.30 For each such project, Youd sources the same original make and model of typewriter that the author used to write the book. The novels are then retyped in their entirety on a single page of typing paper—that is, when Youd gets to the end of the page, he simply replaces it in the rollers and starts typing on it again from the top. The results are striking: dark, abstract Rorschach blots that bear some resemblance to Concrete Poetry, though the physical page itself is left in tatters, a latticework held together only by what cumulative negative space has remained intact in and around the inky pa- limpsest of typewritten letterforms. While this work might seem like the ultimate expression of typewriter fetishism, I would suggest it is just as much marked by word processing for the way in which Youd’s retyping reimag- ines books as data, re ecting an aesthetic (and anxiety) that is all about the “processing” of words, the commodi cation of canon and tradition, and the sheer vastness, scope, and density of written text in the present.God looked down at the writers and said, ‘I haven’t done anything for these people for a long time, hundreds of years, so I’m going to make up for it,’” Frank Conroy is quoted as saying during his tenure as director of the Iowa Writers’ Workshop.31 Of course attestations of divine providence tend to lack historical nuance, to say nothing of technologies such as the typewriter, correction  uid, acid-free paper, and the ballpoint pen (biro).32 How, then, should we  x and formulate a literary history of word processing in a larger history of writing technologies? The  rst narrative to resort to is that of technological progression, or perhaps what Jay David Bolter and Richard Grusin would come to call a “remediation”: a new medium de-  ning itself by assimilating and appropriating the associations and affor- dances of a previous medium.33 Many observers of technological change have been tempted by this pattern. When Margaret Atwood, no naïf she, suggests that the Internet is still only “at the early typewriter stage,” we are clearly meant to assume that it will one day attain the word processing stage.34 In this progression, then, the word processor follows the type- writer, which followed the ballpoint pen, which followed the fountain pen and goose quill, and so on. Some of the relevant technological his- tory would also seem to encourage such a view. A 1960 program named
20 TRACK CHANGESExpensive Typewriter ran on the TX-0 or “Tixo” computer then installed in MIT’s Lincoln Laboratory.35 The joke was that the state-of-the-art TX-0 (whose commercial incarnation, the PDP-1, would cost upward of $100,000, stand six feet high, and weigh over half a ton) was really nothing more than a (very!) expensive remediation of what typewriter historian Bruce Bliven Jr. had just a few years earlier called that wonderful writing machine.36Undeniably, literary authors often understood their word processors as exactly this kind of remediation, at least initially. Doubtless they would have been encouraged by the fact that there is a basic visual continuity between a personal computer and a typewriter—a keyboard and a screen behind and laterally perpendicular to the keyboard, much as a piece of paper comes curling out of the rollers. The conversion narrative wherein a writer testi-  es to the power and potential of word processing—never to touch a type- writer again—thus became one of the most commonplace by-products of how the technology was assimilated. “I’ve got a magic typewriter,” declared science  ction novelist Larry Niven in a 1980 issue of Writer’s Digest. “The word processor program moves blocks of type around (any size); writes over a line that isn’t perfect, leaving no trace; erases words or lines or paragraphs in a second or two; and when I’m ready it prints as pretty a manuscript as you ever saw, with justi ed margins and no visible corrections.”37 The pro- li c fantasist Piers Anthony switched to a computer in 1985 only after his wife, a computer engineer, convinced him that the keyboard could be re- programmed to re-create the custom Dvorak layout he insisted on using with his manual typewriter.38 Then there is Jorie Graham: “I still use it like a fancy typewriter.”39 José Saramago: “What I do on the computer is exactly what I would do on the typewriter if I still had it, the only difference being that it is cleaner, more comfortable, and faster. Everything is better.”40 Amos Oz: “The word processor is, for me, nothing but a typewriter, only you don’t have to use Typex to erase or correct a mistake.”41 Joan Didion, commenting on the IBM Thinkpad she was using at the time of a 1996 interview, likewise stated, “I just use it like a typewriter.” But she immediately complicates her own response, adding, “Before I started working on a computer, writing a piece would be like making something up every day, taking the material and never quite knowing where you were going to go next with the material. With a computer it was less like painting and more like sculpture, where you start with a block of something and then start shaping it.”42Not all writers choose to use a computer, even today. The list of those who do not is long, and includes some of our most celebrated: Paul Auster
Word Processing as a Literary Subject 21and Don DeLillo, Cormac McCarthy and Joyce Carol Oates, to name but a few. “I need the sound of the keys, the keys of a manual typewriter,” De- Lillo once declared in an interview, choosing to speak (intentionally?) in short, staccato sentences: “The hammers striking the page. I like to see the words, the sentences, as they take shape. It’s an aesthetic issue: when I work I have a sculptor’s sense of the shape of the words I’m making. I use a ma- chine with larger than average letters the bigger the better.”43 So pace Didion it is the typewriter and not the computer that allows him to “sculpt” his prose. And like Henry James, he relishes the aural dimension of the experience.Wariness and critique of media and technology is of course one of the hallmarks of DeLillo’s  ction. But Cormac McCarthy, who has enjoyed the bene ts of a long-term residency at the Santa Fe Institute (one of the world’s premier centers for advanced scienti c research), has likewise done all of his writing on a light-blue Lettera 32 Olivetti that he purchased in a pawnshop in Knoxville for $50 in 1963. (It fetched a quarter of a mil- lion dollars at auction when McCarthy replaced it with another Olivetti.)44 Meanwhile Paul Auster’s Olympia typewriter is perhaps one of the most iconic writing instruments in the world. Since acquiring it in 1974, he tells us in the book he eventually coauthored with Sam Messer, “every word I have written has been typed out on that machine.”45 That may be true, but it is also a fact that Auster writes  rst in longhand and types his prose only afterward. And he regards this division of effort as fundamental. The rea- sons are resolutely somatic: “Keyboards have always intimidated me. I’ve never been able to think clearly with my  ngers in that position. A pen is a much more primitive instrument. You feel that the words are coming out of your body and then you dig the words into the page.”46 The typing that then follows is a mechanical act, but no less essential to the process: “Typing allows me to experience the book in a new way, to plunge into the  ow of the narrative and feel how it functions as a whole. I call it ‘reading with my  ngers,’ and it’s amazing how many errors your  ngers will  nd that your eyes never noticed.”47 As for upgrading, Auster is adamant: “There is no point in talking about computers and word processors,” he states, and goes on to relate his horror of pushing a wrong button and losing an entire day’s work—or worse, an entire manuscript (“I knew that if there was a wrong button to be pushed, I would eventually push it”).48 Similarly, Joyce Carol Oates also hand-writes and then types—but not with a word processor.49 Although she typed her earliest books directly, the typewriter
22 TRACK CHANGEShas since become for her “a rather alien thing—a thing of formality and impersonality.”50 Her practice dovetails with Auster’s description of his typing, wherein he acknowledges the bodily toll it takes—strained back, aching neck—because the only way to get clean typescript after revisions is to start over again from scratch.51 But though they parallel one another in their work ows— rst longhand and then typewriter—Auster and Oates re- gard their relationship to these instruments differently, and have adopted them for different reasons. Ironically, Oates—known not least for her prodi- gious output—is routinely accused of just the kind of extreme productivity that word processing’s detractors once feared would overtake the literary establishment.52But while some writers have foregone computers altogether, many more use them alongside other writing technologies, including longhand, verbal dictation (itself once recognized as a form of word processing), and the manual annotation and correction of hard-copy drafts. Kazuo Ishiguro maintains two writing desks, one whose surface is slanted for longhand and the other with a decade-old computer unconnected to the Internet.53 Annie Proulx writes  rst drafts by hand and then revises on a computer;54 Gloria Evangelina Anzaldúa typically composed directly on her Macintosh but ed- ited her  nal drafts by hand.55 Toni Morrison told a group of creative writing students at Swarthmore that she writes exclusively with pencils on legal pads, but in a more in-depth exchange in the Paris Review it emerges that computers and even voice dictation  gure in her process as well.56 Michael Ondaatje is notorious for the dense handwritten drafts he produces, but he also dictates the text to a digital recorder from which it is transcribed by an assistant into a digital document, which Ondaatje then proceeds to edit further.57 Similarly, J. K. Rowling is often touted for working longhand because she wrote the  rst Harry Potter novel that way in an Edinburgh coffeehouse—and she still does write longhand—but since her second novel she has also worked with a computer.58The reality, of course, is that every writer’s individual habits and prac- tices are deeply personal and idiosyncratic, and it is dif cult, if not impos- sible, to extract patterns in support of generalizable conclusions—beyond the intense intimacy and commitment that the act of writing invariably de- mands. Some writers dictate aloud. Some write longhand and then type their work on a typewriter or computer. Some compose at the keyboard but then print out their work for handwritten revision. Others don’t need the hard copy. Some writers print everything out, mark it up, and then retype
Word Processing as a Literary Subject 23it themselves. Others hand it off to an assistant. A few still revise by (lit- erally) copying and pasting strips of text.59 Some writers  nd the computer alienating, intimidating. Others see it as an intimate, profoundly unmedi- ated experience. Some writers value the slowness of the pen. Some value the speed of the keyboard. Some chafe at the labor of retyping, others embrace it. Some writers are enamored by the small rituals of the process, the changing of the worn-out ribbon, the bright bell of the carriage return. Others are unsentimental. Some writers require an absolutely speci c in- strument—or setting, or time of day, or slant of light, just so. Others write on anything and everything, anytime, anywhere. Work your way through “The Art of Fiction” and its kindred features in the Paris Review—what George Steiner, in his own “Art of Criticism” interview, describes as “the largest collection of insight into this of any publication”—and you can  nd accounts describing all of these and more.60 The one inescapable conclusion is that our instruments of composition, be they a Remington or a Macintosh, all serve to focalize and amplify our imagination of what writing is.Word processing hovers uneasily between the comfortably familiar and the encroachingly alien. Rather than a reimplementation or remedi- ation of typewriting, I prefer to think of it as an ongoing negotiation of what the act of writing means. (To the point is one recent marketing slogan for Microsoft Word: More Than Words.)61 The very term “word processing” is increasingly dif cult to utter unselfconsciously. Even “computer” is begin- ning to seem cumbersome alongside “laptop” (a speci c form factor for a computer) or the trademarked brand names of individual products. “I wrote that on my iPad” sounds natural; but gesture toward the same device and say you’ve just written something on a computer (or a word processor) and it sounds wrong, the sort of locution one might expect from someone who still has a landline and answering machine. Nowadays we walk around with super- computers in our pockets—but we still prefer to call them by a vestigial name from a prior telecommunications epoch. What does it mean, then, to recap- ture our sense of what word processing once was at a moment when we text each other with our . . . phones?The big histories of the Information Age now emerging are of little help with this question. There is scarce mention of word processing in books such as Walter Isaacson’s The Innovators or James Gleick’s The Information.62
24 TRACK CHANGESPerhaps this is because the technology lacks a single obvious “genius”  gure to personify it. Yet I suspect it is also because word processing is widely perceived as belonging to the realm of application instead of innovation. To this way of thinking a word processor is merely an arbitrary instantia- tion or just one particular con guration of the universal machine that is a modern digital computer. The technorati have often shown surprising dis- dain for word processing on exactly these grounds. Ted Nelson, for example, visionary author of the book Literary Machines (1980) and founder of the Xanadu project, has frequently inveighed against programs like WordStar and Word that are based on the WYSIWYG model. For him, these repre- sent the triumph of a fundamentally conservative vision. “A document,” he laments, “can only consist of what can be printed.”63 Jay David Bolter, a classicist who was an early advocate for computers as writing tools, ren- dered much the same verdict, concluding that word processing was “nos- talgic” in its respect for the aesthetics of print.64 In this view, the promise and potential of newer, more experimental modes of electronic writing— including nonlinear hypertext, a term Nelson himself coined and has popu- larized throughout his career—is at odds with a technological paradigm whose highest achievement lies in mimicking the appearance of something that might have come from Gutenberg’s own press.65Scholarly interest in the history of electronic literature has similarly grav- itated overwhelmingly toward those authors who sought to reimagine our de nitions of the literary through branching, multimodal, and interactive narratives or poetic compositions. “A story that changes every time you read it,” in the words of one of the form’s most accomplished practitioners, Michael Joyce.66 The most important platforms for this kind of experimenta- tion were HyperCard ( rst released by Apple in 1987), Storyspace (initially co-designed by Joyce with Bolter and John B. Smith, and developed since 1990 by Eastgate Systems), and then the Web itself.67 Interactive  ction— so-called “text adventures,” which had a brief commercial vogue in the early 1980s through the success of a company named Infocom—have also in- creasingly been explored by scholars.68 Lori Emerson, among the best of recent academic critics, has carefully detailed the ways in which poets like bpNichol, Geof Huth, and Paul Zelevansky each leveraged the program- mable capabilities of the early Apple II line of computers to craft innova- tive on-screen textual compositions.69 The texts thus produced are indeed striking, harbingers of a new aesthetic intimately tied to the procedural ca- pabilities of digital media but also knowingly reaching back to Concrete
Word Processing as a Literary Subject 25Poetry, Surrealism, and other well-documented movements. Yet the Osborne 1, which debuted in 1981 (the year the Apple II became the best- selling computer on the consumer market), was likewise an important plat- form for writing, as we have already seen. One motivation in my labeling of word processing as a literary subject is to balance the preponderance of critical and historical attention already devoted to those relatively few writers who, as Emerson relates (after John Cage), viewed the computer as a labor-making device—allowing for bold but sometimes rare ed experiments—rather than as the far more commonplace labor-saving de- vice it was for most users. And yet, as we will also see, the boundaries be- tween such supposedly polarized uses and users are porous; academic focus on the avant-garde has risked obscuring our recollections of a much wider, albeit more quotidian, history of writing on screens.Researchers in literacy, composition, and rhetoric have been exploring and assessing the impact of computers on writing for at least the last four de- cades. I have already mentioned the contributions of Daniel Chandler and Christina Haas, who together with such pioneering scholars as Gail Hawisher, Eric Johnson, Andrea Lunsford, Joel Nydahl, Cynthia Selfe, John Slatin, and others helped launch the  eld that has produced the most sus- tained, thoroughgoing investigation of exactly how word processing and other digital writing modalities—right up to present-day Wikis, blogs, and social media—shape the art and act of composition. The resources these scholars put in place are crucial to understanding the emergence and evo- lution of the technology. In 1983 Bradford Morgan, an English professor at a remote technical college in North Dakota, founded the Research in Word Processing Newsletter.70 The  rst issues were produced on a CPT 8000 ded- icated word processing machine that was available to him on the campus, and then mimeographed for distribution. Another colleague, James Schwartz, soon joined Morgan to produce the Newsletter—known espe- cially for its bibliographies of popular and scholarly work about word processing—each month for the remainder of the decade. The existence of such a publication seemed “inevitable,” according to Morgan.71 In the introduction to the  rst issue he wrote, “The word processor not only saves times [sic], conserves labor, and solves problems, but it also reinforces the traditional mission of writing programs.” The subscriber list grew to hun- dreds, including academics, journalists, and creative writers (Piers Anthony among them). Likewise in 1983, the University of Chicago Press published the  rst edition of the Chicago Guide to Preparing Electronic Manuscripts,
26 TRACK CHANGESnoting that word processing meant that “with cooperation between author and publisher . . . the elusive keystrokes can be captured and reused.”72 In 1985 the Modern Language Association took the unusual step of of- fering an of cial recommendation to its membership on the choice of a word processor: Nota Bene, a program created by a Yale doctoral student named Steven Siebert who was frustrated at the inability of existing soft- ware to adequately handle the notes and citations so critical to scholarly writing.73 The gradual uptake of computers within English departments also gave rise to another subtle circumstance: unsuspecting creative writing instructors would one day  nd a desktop machine (with all the latest soft- ware) provided as standard furnishing for their campus of ces—a very literal realization, if you will, of what Mark McGurl, in reference to the institutionalization of creative writing programs in academia, terms the “program era.”74Occasionally textual scholarship—the discipline that studies the mate- rial history of the transmission and transformations of literary or other texts—has yielded some attention to the minute particulars of word pro- cessing, as has been the case with Adam Bradley’s work on Ralph Ellison or Doug Reside and the libretto for Jonathan Larson’s Broadway musical RENT. (Reside has applied forensic computing techniques to the original diskettes Larson used in his computer, thereby recovering alternate versions of some of the lyrics and MIDI compositions.)75 Experience teaches us that we are likely to see more of this kind of work, which depends on precise knowledge of individual writers and their personal computing history.76 A textual scholar would know, for example, that The Waste Land not only featured a typist as one of its  gures but that Eliot’s actual typing of the poem—on three different typewriters—proved the key by which Lawrence Rainey unlocked the history of the text and accurately reconstructed the different episodes’ order of composition. (Doing so required document sleuthing of the sort usually practiced by the FBI.) Would such a coup have been possible if Eliot wrote the poem on a succession of Mac PowerBooks? Scholars interested in questions such as these for literary manuscripts that now exist only as document folders on hard drives or data in the “cloud” will one day have to come to terms with the particulars of different operating systems, software versions, and hardware protocols, as well as the character- istics of a variety of different hard-copy output technologies, from dot ma- trix and daisywheel to inkjet and laser printer.77 All of these problems and possibilities depend not just on our knowledge of “computers” or “word
Word Processing as a Literary Subject 27 processors,” but also on our knowledge of very speci c products andtechnologies.Twenty years ago, just at the moment of the Web’s apotheosis, Sven Birkerts  rst gazed at the spinning globe in the corner of the old Netscape Navigator browser and counseled his readers to “refuse it.”78 In a much more recent essay he meditates on Joseph O’Neill’s use of Google Earth (whose default view is similarly the planet as seen from space) as a literary device at the end of his 2008 novel Netherland. Birkerts  nds the literary image conjured by the technology compelling, so much so that he brie y considers installing the software on his own computer; but once again he opts to refuse it, reaching out to click but then withdrawing his hand: “The fact that such a power is available to the average user leaches from the overall power of the novel-as-genre,” he concludes.79 Say what one will, but this seems to me a dim view of that genre’s contemporary relevance if maintaining its vitality somehow depends on keeping readers an arm’s length from the very subjects it seeks to encompass.Part of the problem with commentaries such as Birkerts’s is a kind of  attening—a sweeping of all nuance and distinction, all attention to the minute material particulars of individual circumstance—under the banner of epochal terms like the Information Age. But what do such terms really mean to us here in the day-to-day world of the present? Joyce Carol Oates may not use a word processor, but she is on Twitter, with over 100,000 fol- lowers.80 Toni Morrison writes longhand but also uses a computer (and, as we know from the 2007 advertising campaign, reads books on an Amazon Kindle). Paul Auster writes longhand but employs an assistant to do his computer work. The same is true of Michael Ondaatje. Regardless of each of their individual attitudes toward word processing and its place in their work-  ows, there is no easy sorting of any of these writers into analog or digital binaries, into those who have either embraced “it” or refused it.In 1985 John Barth sat for his Paris Review interview with George Plimpton. “Do you think word processors will change the style of writers to come?” Plimpton asks. “They may very well,” Barth replies, and continues: “But I remember a colleague of mine at Johns Hopkins, Professor Hugh Kenner, remarking that literature changed when writers began to compose on the typewriter. I raised my hand and said, ‘Professor Kenner, I still write with a fountain pen.’ And he said, ‘Never mind. You are breathing the air
28 TRACK CHANGESof literature that’s been written on the typewriter.’ So I suppose that my  ction will be word-processed by association, though I myself will not be- come a green-screener.”81 One way to take this is as mysti cation and nothing more, a throwaway statement wherein the air exuded from the typewriter (or word processor) swirls about the more earnest endeavors of the foun- tain pen, like vapors from an atomizer. The comment is perhaps that, but it is also something more I think. For a severe media determinist like Fried- rich Kittler, it would in fact be taken as a statement of remarkable self- awareness, one in which the writer frankly acknowledges the paucity of human agency amid a mechanized regime of keys, chips, ribbons, rollers, and signals. “Writing in the age of media has always been a short circuit between brain physiology and communications technologies—bypassing humans or even love,” he  atly declares.82 (Kittler is contrasting the mech- anized imprint of the typewritten page to the tradition of writing love let- ters by hand—readers familiar with his analysis will understand that we are brushing the surface of his whole cosmology.) Here John Barth is marking his own dominant impression of the technology, colored by alien associa- tions and the threat of sublimation: one becomes a green-screener, bathed in that monochrome glow. And indeed, Barth himself did become one, the evidence of his manuscripts revealing him as assimilated by the time he was writing The Last Voyage of Somebody the Sailor some  ve years later.83 Moreover, he integrated the poetics of electronic writing into his  ction, in novels like Coming Soon!!!: A Narrative (2001), which imagines Johns “Hop” Johnson as a  ctional protégé version of himself captivated by hypertext, as well as in short stories like “Click” (1997) and “The Rest of Your Life” (2000). None of this should be very surprising given Barth’s interest in literary ex- perimentalism of all sorts, not to mention the foundational conceit in his Cold War fable Giles Goat-Boy (1966) that the manuscript of the novel had been compiled from reels of mainframe computer storage tape—certainly one of the earliest instances of a computer having any kind of voice or role in serious  ction outside of science  ction.No less notable is the story of Hugh Kenner himself, Barth’s interlocutor in the dialogue above. Kenner was a critic of the  rst rank, a distinguished scholar who studied under Marshall McLuhan and then devoted a career to Ezra Pound and other major  gures of British and American literary modernism. He also, however, maintained a longtime interest in computer- generated poetry, wrote columns and reviews for Byte magazine, and in 1984 published a user’s guide to the Heath/Zenith Z-100 computer, a com-
Word Processing as a Literary Subject 29petitor to the IBM PC noted at the time for its color graphics. In the intro- duction to the user’s guide, he mentions building his  rst one from a kit: “I . . . turned it on, pressed the keys, and saw letters and numbers jump to life on the screen. It worked!” He also states he’d gotten it to help with his writing, and indeed it does (“automating the drudge-work”), though not until after the subsequent addition of a printer.84 This publication is little remem- bered today, but just a few years after it appeared Kenner would publish a still well-regarded set of essays entitled The Mechanic Muse (1987), dem- onstrating how Eliot, Pound, Joyce, and Beckett each responded to tech- nological change in their own era.Given that Kenner was a student of McLuhan, it is perhaps best to read the exchange about the “air of the typewriter [and word processor]” as an impromptu extension of the thesis of The Gutenberg Galaxy: that language, mobile and recombinant, is now literally at our  ngertips, pervading our structures and systems of thought, and recon guring ours senses. Whatever new twist the green-screeners portend, Barth resigns himself to his fate. But air—the ether—can also be understood as a medium of sorts, as it was for much of the nineteenth century.85 In this respect Kenner and Barth be- come anticipatory voices of some of the more in uential branches of media studies today, those embracing networks and layers of coded or scripted ar- ti ce as the material base of a new, decidedly nonvirtual reality—a reality that also (nowadays) circulates throughout the air itself via wireless radio and cellular signals, and that even then intimately tied to networks of power, capital, and control in a global system where identity and commerce inter- mingle in data  ows that are, algorithmically, indistinguishable from writing.Word processing may thus be a literary subject, but word processing also shapes and informs literary subjects—the persons who inhabit the system (and economy) of literature, green-screeners or otherwise. As both Haas and Chandler remind us, writing is a medial process, characterized by the au- thor’s relationship to an ever-expanding array of tools and surfaces. “Tech- nologies cannot be experienced in isolation from each other, or from their social functions,” is how Chandler puts it. “Our use even of a pen necessi- tates the complementary use of related technologies (such as ink and paper) no less than does our use of a word processor.”86 We have seen that George R. R. Martin disconnects himself from the Internet while writing, but that does not mean he is isolated from other kinds of networks and de- pendencies: How, for example, does he maintain that DOS machine? Where do spare parts come from? How does he get  les from the computer’s hard
30 TRACK CHANGESdrive to his publisher? Who converts them from WordStar’s native .ws format, and how? Or does he print them out? If he does, on what kind of printer? And whose job is it then to rekey the text so it can pass to layout and production?87 (This is to say nothing of Martin’s reliance on that most elementary of modern networks, the power grid.) The reality of these con- tingencies and arrangements, their consequences and dependencies, are all part of what it means to “know” that a particular writer uses a particular writing tool, word processing or otherwise.88 Writing, in other words, is never off the grid. It is always about power—a “power technology,” as Durham Peters calls it.89 He means both the legalistic and societal power that writing embodies and encodes, as well as its even more fundamental capacity to project language through and across basic physical categories like space and time.A literary history of word processing must therefore acknowledge not only the hybrid, heterogeneous nature of both individual persons and their per- sonalities, but also the highly complex scene of writing (and rewriting) that we observe today, one where text morphs and twists through multiple media at nearly every stage of the composition and publication process. The his- tory I offer here thus largely and willfully resists generalizations and sweeping conclusions; it highlights instead the stories of individuals, it pays heed to the difference different tools and technologies actually make, and it reveals how attitudes and assumptions can sometimes change over the span of even just a few years. It also, I would hope—constructively, even joyfully—extends our imagination of what writing is by illustrating the variety of ways in which all manifestations of that activity coexist and cohabitate with technology. Take, for example, Neal Stephenson and his epic Baroque Cycle. His colophon to the three books (just shy of 3,000 pub- lished pages of scienti c and historical  ction) captures what I mean. He tells us there that the manuscript was drafted longhand, using a succession of boutique fountain pens. Stephenson then transcribed the text to his per- sonal computer system using the venerable Emacs program and typeset it himself using TeX, the computer typesetting system to which Donald Knuth (perhaps our most famous living computer scientist) devoted nearly a decade of his career to perfecting. His publisher, however, wanted the manuscript set using what was then the industry standard, QuarkXPress, so Stephenson next took it upon himself to put together a conversion pro- gram written in LISP.90 Point for point, the brand names of the fountain pens—Waterman, Rotring, Jorg Hysek—balance out the technical partic-
Word Processing as a Literary Subject 31ulars of the software programs and computing languages that follow. Stephenson’s fountain pens are, of course, beautiful, precision instruments; but his hand-tooled LISP program is beautiful in its own way, and every bit as integral to the writing act.Or else consider Jonathan Franzen, who in recent years has repeatedly spoken out against the pernicious in uence of social media.91 It would be easy to cast him as a neo-Luddite and killjoy, a refusenik after Birkerts. But witness too this extraordinary passage, worth quoting in full for the sheer grit of it: the self-knowledge, the recall of technical details, and es- pecially the deep, multisensory intimacy of the relationship to technology it exposes:I bought my  rst computer in 1989. It was a noisy metal box made by Amdek, with a paper-white VGA monitor. In good codependent form I came to ap- preciate the noise of the Amdek fan’s hum. I told myself I like the way it cut out the noise from the street and other apartments. But after two years of heavy use, the Amdek developed a new, frictive squeal whose appearance and disappearance seemed (though I was never quite sure of this) to follow the rise and fall of the air’s relative humidity. My  rst solution was to wear earplugs on muggy days. After six months of earplugs, however, with the squeal becoming more persistent, I removed the computer’s sheet-metal casing. Holding my ear close, I  ddled and poked. Then the squeal stopped for no reason, and for several days I wrote  ction on a topless machine, its motherboard and tutti frutti wires exposed. And when the squeal returned, I discovered I could make it stop by applying pressure to the printed circuit-board that controlled the hard disk. There was a space that I could wedge a pencil into, and if I torqued the pencil with a rubber band, the corrective pressure held. The cover of the computer didn’t  t right when I put it back on; I accidentally stripped the threads off a screw and had to leave one corner of the cover sort of  apping.92No virtual realities here, only the minute torques and tolerances of the everyday: relative humidity, rubber bands, and stripped screws, their shav- ings of low-grade steel no doubt collecting somewhere inside the burlesque cavity of the machine’s exposed innards. It’s a prose passage whose only real reason for existing is to advance the theme of his essay (“scavenging”), and yet it also reminds us that all of this is what writing really is, these details no different in their way from those that inform the re-creation of the scriptorium so marvelously rendered by Umberto Eco, or from the
32 TRACK CHANGEScare and concentration with which a connoisseur restores the delicate moving parts of a vintage typewriter.Of course sometimes the details really do make all the difference. Here is Nicholson Baker (who once made a living as a word processor; that is, a professional operator of them), describing the writing of A Box of Matches (2004), which he did like the novel’s narrator with his journal, early in the morning and in the dark: “I had a couple different laptops because they were not all that dependable, and one of them had a slider bar. I could slide the screen brightness down to almost nothing, so I was sitting in com- plete darkness. The screen would have just the tiniest hint of phosphores- cence and a faint crackle of static electricity. I thought, This is an option Dickens did not have.”93
 TWOPERFECTOn March 20, 1981, the New York Times op-ed page carried a brief item musing that historians and biographers might soon be in for “slim pickings.” What precipitated this pronouncement was a report that Jimmy Carter, just months out of of ce and hard at work on his memoirs for Bantam, had lost several pages of text after hitting the wrong keys on his brand new $12,000 Lanier word processor. Word processing, the Times speculated, threatened to put historians—“those bloodhounds of the paper trail”—out of business. “Archivists,” meanwhile, “will be deprived of words scratched out, penciled in and transposed with wandering arrows. They will have to make do with electronically perfect texts.”1Perfect. No other word so encapsulates the aspirations as well as the anx- ieties that accrued around word processing. We remember WordPerfect, of course, the software that rose to dominate the market after WordStar (from the mid-1980s through the early 1990s), but there were also now largely for- gotten programs like LetterPerfect and Perfect Writer.2 Etymologically, “perfect” comes to us from the Latin perfectus, by way of Old French; the original Latin meaning encompassed the idea of completeness, the state of fullness or of being  nished. The familiar hand gesture, index  nger bent to touch tip of thumb, other  ngers stiffened in accent, is a way of visualizing that condensed state of ripeness, the attainment of closure and completion. In word processing’s parlance, “perfect” was meant to connote a  nished document,  awlessly formatted and printed, cleanly and clearly expressed. The sense of completion, meanwhile, also spoke to the desire for ef ciency and productivity, a zeal for getting the job done.33
34 TRACK CHANGESCould a single invention both improve the quality of the work being per- formed and accelerate the pace at which it was completed? It seemed too good to be true, yet this dual ideal—the quest for  awless ef ciency and effectively  awless results—was present from the very inception of word processing as a concept and technology.3 In 1974 a consultant named Walter A. Kleinschrod produced a report on word processing for the American Management Association. “The touch of a button,” he wrote, “triggers a perfect  nal copy.”4 A second AMA text echoed and embellished this language: “The typist can push a button and the machine, tirelessly and  awlessly, chugs out a perfect draft—once, twice, a hundred times if required, without fatigue or the errors fatigue can bring.”5 Whatever else it was then, word processing was also a form of futurism that, as Thomas Haigh deftly notes, was of a piece with a push-button lifestyle and, in- deed, food processing, which was introduced to consumers by Cuisinart at just about the same time.6 As word processing continued to mature and also transition from dedicated stand-alone systems to early personal com- puters, this original ideal lost none of its appeal. “With a word processing system,” wrote computer scientist Ivan Flores a decade later in 1983, “you can actually produce a perfect document.”7Error was the archenemy of perfection: typos, misprints, mistakes, caked-up layers of correction  uid, and patches of paper rubbed raw by erasures—all of these disrupted the smooth, homogeneous surface of an impeccably presented text. So obsessed were early of ce managers with the pernicious in uence of error on ef ciency that entire studies were commissioned; the habits of typists were scrutinized at the most minute levels. It was known, for example, that a secretary making a mistake in the  rst few lines of the page was likely to remove it and feed in a fresh sheet and start anew; a mistake introduced farther down the page, however, would be attacked by the eraser. It was known how long the rubbing and retyping would take, along with the erasure and correction of any carbons associated with the original page. And, of course, it was known how much this all cost—in paper, in carbons, in erasers, and above all, in time.8Word processing promised to change all that. “Errors,” proclaimed the Kleinschrod report, “are no longer sins of incompetence, destroyers of con dence.”9 Indeed, they were so “easily recti ed” that “ rst-time perfec- tion” was no longer demanded, marking an astonishing shift in attitude. “Recording on magnetic tape is just as easy as typing at your fastest speed,” assured a roughly contemporary manual prepared by IBM’s Of ce
Perfect 3 5Products Division in support of its most advanced word processing product at the time, the Magnetic Tape Selectric Typewriter (see Chapter 8). “Typographical errors are corrected merely by backspacing and typing over the incorrect character. A perfect tape is created which gives you a perfect copy . . . and no erasing!”10The ideal of perfection, so seductive and seemingly emancipatory in an of ce setting, signaled something different in literary contexts, an area the AMA consultants mentioned brie y in 1974 as an example of word pro- cessing’s as yet unexplored applications—private and “creative,” as opposed to functional and organizational.11 Some literary authors were not bothered by these connotations and indeed embraced them, adopting the language of “perfect” for themselves. The  urry of  ngers across increasingly sensuous keyboards, the instant grati cation of the glowing letterforms on the screen, the effortless ease and ef ciency of corrections and revisions, and the pol- ished look of the  nal printed document—all of these conspired toward a common aesthetic and experience readily summarized in the optimism of Russell Baker: “The wonderful thing about writing with a computer instead of a typewriter or a lead pencil is that it’s so easy to rewrite that you can make each sentence almost perfect before moving on to the next sentence.”12 Stanley Elkin, who as we will see in Chapter 7 was using a Lexitron word processor by the end of the 1970s, was even more enthusiastic in his evalu- ation: “The word processor enables one to concentrate exponentially; you have absolute command of the entire novel all at once,” he opined, and then continued, employing his pet name for the machine: “You can go back and reference and change and  x and . . . so in a way, all novels written on the bubble machine ought to be perfect novels.”13Elkin’s statement is especially notable for its appreciation of word processing’s complex refashioning of a writer’s sense of the text, its search functions affording the user total access and total recall. For other authors, however, word processing’s most immediate intervention was to reinforce the importance of the manuscript itself, cultivating an appreciation for their writing as a thing in the world, the proverbial well-wrought urn. John Updike, keynoting a 1988 computer science conference at MIT, opined that word processing made the production of “perfectly typed” text “almost too easy.”14 Recall also Larry Niven and his “magic” typewriter, the one that “writes over a line that isn’t perfect,” leaving no trace and printing “as pretty
36 TRACK CHANGESa manuscript as you ever saw.”15 The conceit that writing could somehow be perfected was thus an important part of what word processing promised. Yet for both Updike and Niven that perfection lay just as much in the  nished appearance of the text as in the perennial search for le mot juste. Sometimes these two different understandings of what literary perfection meant became con ated. Poet and self-help author Peter A. McWilliams, in his Word Processing Book (1982), narrated the tale of how John Keats, window-gazing in the company of Henry Stephens, came to compose the proverbial line “A thing of beauty is a joy forever,” by trying out spoken ver- sions on his friend before hitting on exactly the right formulation. “What think you of that, Stephens?” “That it will live forever.”16 For McWilliams, a writer as gifted as Keats is essentially a word processor incarnate; his mind alone is enough to harness the vast array of imponderables poetic composi- tion demands. The rest of us, however, must rely on lesser devices, which is to say the assistance of mechanical contrivances. “Word processing machines allow for maximum  exibility in alteration, changes, correction, revision, and expansion,” McWilliams explains. “After all this processing of words has taken place, the word processing computer will print out as many copies as you like, letter perfect.”17We see here the collapse of the super cial appearance of the document with its more ineffable qualities as McWilliams moves us, in the space of a page, from the deepest recesses of Keats’s fertile mind to the veneer of a hard-copy printout. The ideal of perfection thus becomes closely tied to the supposed dematerialization of the written act: a perfect document is one that bears no visible trace of its prior history; indeed, it is as though the document did not have a history, but rather emerged, fully formed in its  rst and  nal iteration, from the mind of the author. Transferring this concept to the AMA’s milieu, every business executive signing his name to letter- perfect copy after however many prior drafts produced by the unseen hands of a secretary at her keyboard became a Keats incarnate, the most mun- dane communications unsullied by any trace of error, happenstance, or hesi- tancy of thought.18In literary circles the pretense of perfection was just as often grounds for suspicion and anxiety. John Barth recalls that 1981 was the year the graduate program in creative writing at Johns Hopkins University received the  rst writing samples self-evidently prepared by the applicant on a word processor. “I was impressed by its virtually published look,” he admits.19 But Barth showed the sleek, seemingly professionally produced pages to a colleague,
Perfect 37a science  ction writer. He “took one suspicious look at the justi ed right- hand margins, the crisp print and handsome typefaces, and said, ‘This is terrible! They’re going to think the stuff’s  nished, and it only looks that way.’”20 This was to become a pervasive sentiment, repeated over and over again: journeyman authors would be tricked into thinking their work was better or more polished than it really was, and—what was worse— hardworking writers who were busy paying their dues at the typewriter with Snopake, scissors, and glue would be squeezed out of the market. When Writer’s Digest ran a 1982 cover story under the title “Writing Made Easier with Personal Computers,” there was a storm of protest in the next month’s letters to the editor column. “Typing made easy with personal computers, not writing,” read one.21Editors and agents were likewise often skeptical. It is true that early dot matrix printouts were genuinely dif cult to read, and so submission guide- lines would routinely include prohibitions against them. But the belief that word processing meant cutting corners also widely obtained. At the outset of his 1984 book, Ray Hammond found it necessary to remind his readers that “the computer has no power to write words.”22 Some writers went so far as to actively conceal the fact that they were using a word processor, lest they raise suspicions that the work was somehow automated or otherwise inauthentic. In Writer’s Digest a novelist named Karen Ray narrated her editor’s anxiety that the computer would inhibit her creativity, and her sub- sequent decision to disguise the fact that her manuscript had in fact been prepared on a word processor by selecting fonts approximating the appear- ance of typescript and feeding single sheets of paper into her printer rather than using a tractor feed. “The best way to write with word processors may be . . . secretly,” she concluded.23 Gish Jen, describing her own  rst experi- ences with a computer, echoed these anxieties: “Maybe there was something dronelike about working on a mainframe; maybe sitting at stations and ter- minals really was at odds with the play at the heart of creative work.” She describes fellow students at the Iowa Writer’s Workshop, working at just such mainframe terminals (taking advantage of the ease and convenience the system afforded) deliberately doctoring their printouts—adding autograph annotations, even rumpling the corners—before sending them out for con- sideration. (“Real writers,” their instructors insisted, used pencils or type- writers.) Yet for Jen, the personal computer, speci cally the Apple, overcame these prejudices: “Computers coaxed out of me an expansiveness the type- writer never did,” she says. “What came out . . . was not further from the
38 TRACK CHANGEShuman heart; it was closer. It was looser, freer, more spontaneous—more democratic too.”24Anne Fadiman acquiesced to the word processor, as we have seen, but she also claimed to be able to detect the “spoor” of it in books: “The writers— no longer slowed by having to change their typewriter ribbons,  ll their fountain pens, or sharpen their quills—tend to be prolix.”25 This  xation on seemingly unseemly length—closely related to the other common con- cern that word processing made writing too easy, something also expressed by Updike as well as Barth’s Johns Hopkins colleague—likewise receives a refreshing counter from Jen, who underscores the presumption inherent in consigning one’s words to a medium supported by a non-renewable source: “I was not a person who would have looked at a ream of paper and thought, ‘Sure, that is mine to  ll up.’ But I turned out to be a person who could keep moving a cursor until I’d  lled up one ream, then another.”26The anxieties manifested in all quarters of the literary establishment, as the tide of word processing quickly took hold, had surfaced in science  c- tion since at least the late 1950s as part of the genre’s general  xation on arti cial intelligence and the automation of society. Fritz Leiber’s The Silver Eggheads, originally a story in Fantasy and Science Fiction magazine (1958), later expanded into a novel (1961), imagines a future in which writers are celebrities, focusing full-time on the maintenance of their extravagant public images while digital machines—“wordmills”—do the work of creating  c- tion. Eventually the writers revolt.27 Michael Frayn, meanwhile, gives us in The Tin Men (1965) the William Morris Institute of Automation Research, one of whose many dozens of departments is devoted to using computers to generate newspaper stories from recombinant storylines (“Paralyzed Girl Determined to Dance Again,” “Child Told Dress Unsuitable by Teacher,” and so on). Along the way we meet a struggling novelist, Rowe, who plots his books by  rst penning the glowing reviews he expects them to receive. His reliance on the recycled language of literary criticism is obviously meant to mirror the activity of the computer scientists and their machines. At the end of the novel we learn that The Tin Men is in fact the fruit of the Insti- tute’s  rst attempt to automate the production of  ction.28 Stanislaw Lem’s “U-Write-It” is a 1971 speculative  ction that posits a “literary erector set,” which furnishes a would-be author with “building elements,” namely strips of paper containing snippets from past masters—all very much like Tristan Tzara’s dada composition, not to mention then-contemporary experiments in the French OULIPO group.29 Word processing similarly evinced the
P e r fe c t 3 9specter of something like Italo Calvino’s Organization for the Electronic Production of Homogenized Literary Works, a sinister (and cynical) out t possessed of powerful computerized engines for churning out best-sellers biometrically calibrated to capture a reader’s attention.30Arthur C. Clarke may have had any or all of these predecessors in mind when he sat down at his own word processor (to be detailed in Chapter 3) to write a 1986 story for Analog magazine entitled “The Steam Powered Word Processor.”31 In it the Reverend Charles Cabbage, frustrated with composing sermons week after week—all of them just variations on one another, after all—undertakes to build the titular engine, which eventually draws the unwanted attention of the archbishop of Canterbury. Clarke rel- ishes much detail on the operations of his pseudomachine, which he dubs the Word Loom, creating what amounts to an early instance of the genre called steampunk (the term did not yet exist). But the Word Loom, laboring at capacity, eventually wrests itself to pieces in the western transept—a victim of its own prodigious labor as the follies of the hapless Cabbage are displaced and magni ed by its enormous coal- red bulk. Most telling, though, is the afterword, which relates the fate of the only surviving copy of Cabbage’s opus Sermons in Steam, shelved in the British Museum. The book, upon examination, is clearly printed with ordinary letterpress, we are told, with the exception of a single leaf, pages 223 and 224: “An obvious in- sert. The impression is very uneven and the text is replete with spelling mistakes and typographical errors.”32 These are, of course, the very imper- fections that word processing (and spell-checking) is supposed to eradicate; yet here they are, ironically presented as proof positive of this one leaf’s mechanical provenance. This irony is the fulcrum of the story: just as the creation of the steam-powered word processor ultimately demanded far more labor and attention from the reverend than the biweekly crafting of his sermons—thereby defeating its purpose, as the  nal cataclysm attests— here these minute mechanical imperfections function as a microcosm of the folly of seeking to automate the word.John Varley was one of the few science  ction writers to continue using a typewriter, an IBM Correcting Selectric.33 In 1985 he indulged in a mock- serious epistolary dialogue with his editor, Susan Allison at Berkely Books, in which he demanded that all forthcoming editions of his works include a statement attesting that the text was created “using only natural ingredi- ents: The purest paper, carbon typewriter ribbons, pencils, ballpoint pens, thought, and creativity. . . . Not a word ever phoned in via modem.”34 One
40 TRACK CHANGEStrusts the irony is intentional (carbon typewriter ribbons, let alone ballpoint pens, as “natural” ingredients?). This faux testimonial, when printed, was to be accompanied by a self-designed sigil depicting antique typewriter keys amid a  ourish of ribbon. The piece was called “The Unprocessed Word,” and elsewhere in it Varley offers the tale of a fellow writer identi ed only as “DT” who, not satis ed with the recently released MacWrite, supposedly acquires programs entitled MacCon ict and MacClimax. The stories quickly begin to (literally) write themselves: “Now, in today’s mail, comes MacFirst- line, but I don’t think I’ll run it. I think I’ll kill myself instead.”35 Here, as in Clarke’s story, the implications are clear: the ostensible perfection of the printed text becomes a stand-in for a whole set of much deeper anxieties related to authenticity in the writer’s craft—originality and creativity, truth and beauty, all those Romantic shibboleths of old. If imperfection can be- come the measure of authenticity (true as much for the output of the Word Loom as for the typos and eraser rubbings of more prosaic workplace texts), then the more ef cient the act of writing becomes, the more suspect it is rendered, until we reach the kinds of limit cases limned by Clarke, Varley, and their predecessors—fully automated algorithms and apparatuses for generating text.Many readers will recall an exemplar that was earlier than any of these, from Gulliver’s visit to the Academy of Lagado in Jonathan Swift’s Gulliver’s Travels (1726). There he encountered what was also a kind of word loom, a device that consisted of combinations of words stamped on dies atomized in a system of wires and pulleys, its rods and levers worked by a professor’s diligent pupils: “By his contrivance, the most ignorant person, at a reasonable charge, and with a little bodily labour, might write books in philosophy, poetry, politics, laws, mathematics, and theology, without the least assistance from genius or study.”36 Of course this mechanism, too, must be revealed as  awed: like the Reverend Cabbage’s steam-powered text riddled with typos, the Lagado machine produces only occasional “broken sentences,” which the head academician has not yet found time to improve upon.Swift’s invention has been recognized as a “word processor” by previous critics, and so it is—but not just in the overt sense of its being a mechanical contrivance for the creation of prose. Elsewhere in the passage, Swift re- lates the method by which the output is read aloud by an apprentice and dictated to a scribe for a permanent record, therefore anticipating a far more comprehensive scene of word processing—encompassing, as we will see in Chapter 7, precisely such relays of dictation and inscription, composition and
Perfect 41rendition, found in the hyperrationalized of ce environs that were the pur- view of the American Management Association. Above all, however, Swift’s writing about the writing machine anticipates the late twentieth-century anxiety that the “perfection” of writing—which is to say, optimizing the means of its production—would lead to nonsense. Like the Reverend Cab- bage’s Sermons in Steam then, or like the output of Lem’s U-Write-It or what we can presume to call the “MacBooks” of Varley’s literary con dant, the proceedings of the Academy of Lagado are volumes best consigned to the Library of Babel. The Library of Babel, of course, is the centerpiece of Jorge Luis Borges’s great fable of the universe as a library, containing everything on its endless shelves that has been or could ever be written, in all languages, sense and nonsense. Borges was himself a librarian; but it is to computers and the Internet that the story has been applied as parable over and over again.37Find a best-seller from a name-brand author and (especially if the book has a foil-embossed cover) check to see how many times the word perfect appears in the blurbs. What exactly is that word doing adorningsomething so subjective (and resolutely middlebrow) as a specimen of genre  ction? Is the book a “perfect” confection like a souf é, or is it perfect like a piece of mass-produced merchandise, executed impeccably and unimpeach- ably to spec? In one of the most in uential literary endorsements ever tendered, Ronald Reagan helped catapult Tom Clancy to celebrity by pronouncing his  rst published novel, The Hunt for Red October (1984), “the perfect yarn.”38 Clancy wrote his  rst draft on an IBM Selectric; always the forecaster of technological trends, however, he gave an Apple computer running WordStar a cameo appearance—his hero Jack Ryan uses it as he pecks away on just such a monograph as might be published by the Naval Institute Press, the small Annapolis-based house specializing in naval his- tory that would in fact acquire Clancy’s own manuscript.39 The book found its way thence to readers inside the nearby DC beltway, and eventually all the way to the Oval Of ce. Clancy was soon able to afford his own Apple IIe computer and had already traded up to a Macintosh by his third book, his fame and career well launched.40 About writing, and indeed about com- puters, he would remain always unsentimental: “If your objective is to write a book, get a computer and write the damn book,” he told an audience much later in life. “It’s a lot easier than you realize it is.”41
42 TRACK CHANGESFew best-selling authors have been more polarizing than Clancy. His fans are many—David Foster Wallace was reportedly among them—but his de- tractors are legion, seeing in his books (which continue to appear posthu- mously) something very close to the realization of Calvino’s OEPHLW. But it is James Patterson, whose occasional nickname in the press is “The Word Processor,” who perhaps more than any other writer today seems to embody the very ethos of word processing.42 First and foremost, Patterson is pro- li c. He writes series books. With established characters. Set formulas. Short chapters. And short sentences. The books are purely consumptive—page- turners, read once and then discarded, a new one (for there is always a new one) rotated into place on the nightstand or the tablet. Most audaciously of all, he openly works with coauthors, typically crafting extended outlines (dozens of pages) that he then hands off to one of a half-dozen or so regular collaborators for  eshing out in a  rst draft—which Patterson then edits and revises, the process iterating until the book is done.43 Video footage shot in 2012 shows rows of shelves in his home of ce laden with manuscript pages for writing projects in various states of completion, dozens of them, each neatly stacked with a large-print cover sheet denoting title, coauthor, and current state of the draft.44 There are reportedly no less than three em- ployees at Little, Brown and Company devoted exclusively to handling this output.45 Patterson’s working methods may resemble a master artist with a clutch of pupils in a Renaissance atelier. But Time magazine called them “an affront to every Romantic myth of the artist we have.”46It is equally impossible to discuss Patterson’s career without invoking sta- tistics and  nancials.47 A typical year might see a dozen new Patterson ti- tles published, some fourteen to  fteen million individual units shipped in all. He’s reportedly sold upward of 300 million copies of his books. Total entries on the best-seller list:  fty, give or take. Total books published: north of 100. His reported annual earnings in one recent year: $94 million. Total earnings: $700 million. How does this compare to authors like Stephen King, John Grisham, and Dan Brown? Patterson outsells them all—not individu- ally, but collectively. Perhaps the most astonishing statistic of all: one in seven- teen hardcover novels sold in the United States in one recent year was a Patterson book.Although he has his share of critics, fellow best-sellers like King among them, in interviews the Word Processor is unapologetic about his success. But he also retains perspective about his own work: “I’m less interested in sentences now and more interested in stories,” as he put it on one occasion.48
Perfect 4 3Patterson’s career dovetails with the culmination of decades of changes in the bookselling industry.49 By the mid-1980s the consolidation among former rival publishing houses was well under way in New York, as the chain stores increased their dominance in the retail market—often at the expense of in- dependent booksellers.50 The result was unprecedented stress on the pub- lishing lists. Between 1986 and 1996 (just prior to Patterson’s ascendency), 63 of the 100 best-selling books in the United States were written by just six authors: Tom Clancy, Michael Crichton, John Grisham, Stephen King, Dean Koontz, and Danielle Steele.51 They were all authors capable of de- livering a perfectly consistent product to stock the tables at the front of the store.Word processing in and of itself was the catalyst for none of this. There is no simple causal relationship between these structural changes in the bookselling business and the rise of word processing in the personal com- puting industry. That said, the two phenomena did largely coincide. When Gore Vidal declared in 1984 that “the idea of literature is being erased by the word processor,” he had something speci c in mind by way of institu- tions, canons, and traditions.52 Tellingly, Vidal offers his remark in the context of an encomium for the life of Logan Pearsall Smith, the essayist and grammarian who labored in obscurity for much of his career, dedicating himself (pace Patterson) to the craft of sentences. “As a writer,” notes Vidal, “Logan himself was very much [of the] school of America’s own (now seldom read) Emerson who was at his best in ‘the detached—and the detachable— sentence.’”53 Eventually Vidal gets round to laying the blame for Smith’s unrequited legacy at the feet of his pursuit of . . . yes, “perfection” (Vidal uses the word), which Smith, nobly in Vidal’s view, prized far beyond com- mercial success; this being “the inevitable fate,” Vidal tells us, “of one who has been denied not only the word processor but the Apple home computer in which to encode Thoughts.”54The commodity status of the literary is neither new nor news, of course— books, even great books, have always also been saleable products, and many of the famous authors depicted in the mural in the Barnes and Noble superstore café sweated over their sales  gures. But it is easy to understand why the kind of push-button automation word processing seemed to promise—giving any hack the ability to place a letter-perfect manuscript into the hands of a publisher—came to epitomize the fears of many working writers. Such writers, the backbone of the venerable midlist whose sales had heretofore sustained the industry, found their position in jeopardy as the
44 TRACK CHANGESindependent bookstores gave way to the chains, the backlist was all but en- tirely eclipsed by the frontlist, the great houses were consolidated, and the books themselves became properties in transmedia conglomerates with brands like “Tom Clancy.”As for James Patterson? What kind of word processor does he have? Surely it must be a mighty one! But the novelist who more than any other func- tions as the embodiment of everything satirists from Jonathan Swift to Italo Calvino and Arthur C. Clarke have sought to skewer doesn’t use one. He works his stacks of manuscripts longhand.55 How perfect is that?Jimmy Carter was able to retrieve his deleted prose with assistance from the manufacturer (ironically the Lanier was branded the “No Problem” word processor).56 But what can it mean that some thirty- ve years ago this incident rose to the attention of the New York Times? The op-ed, written at a moment when people were still very much in the midst of transitioning to the new technology, put its  nger on one of the de ning aspects of this new kind of text: its smooth, seemingly seamless perfection, its crisp, lumi- nescent characters—the beauty and regularity of the digital word.The peril and allure of an electronically perfect text derived from sev- eral different qualities of word processing. One, as we have already seen, is the physical testimony of the hard copy, unblemished by any trace or rem- nant of the messy work of composition. (This would seem to be what the Times had in mind.) There is also the widespread association of computers with automation and homogenization.57 As early as 1986 one observer was already able to note, “The history of word processing is the story of the gradual automation of the physical aspects of writing and editing.”58 And as we have also already seen, automation had become a target for literary satire from a variety of quarters. I have further attempted to suggest that such associations compounded many authors’ anxieties at a moment when increasing numbers of them felt vulnerable owing to structural changes in the publishing industry. But to fully understand the prevalence of “perfect” as a trope around word processing, we must also look to the material qualities of computation itself, to what was happening on the other side (as it were) of what Iris Murdoch once prosaically referred to as the “glass square.”59First and foremost, the glass square was luminous. It glowed. We take the luminosity of our screens for granted now, thinking in terms of battery
Perfect 4 5life when we bother to think about brightness and lumens at all, or designing purposefully nonbacklit screens to reduce eyestrain. At the time, however, the glare of all those brilliant ray-traced phosphors cast some long, lyrical shadows. “Word processing is a dry distance of a label for what is, more ac- curately, writing with light,” is how one early commentator put it.60 Of course, “photography” also means literally light-writing, but the technical particulars of word processing are very different from those of either chem- ical or even digital photography.61 Pressing a key on a standard computer keyboard means completing a circuit. The character input is then routed to the computer’s central processing unit, which in turn typically does several different things with the signal thus received, such as storing a representa- tion of that character on some version of magnetic, optical, or solid state media and directing the display to make the character data visible as the typographic representation we see on the screen—originally by  ring a pat- tern of electrons from a glass tube to strike a phosphorescent surface (the so-called cathode ray). Thus Andrei Codrescu, on the occasion of Andrew Kay’s death, remarked, reminiscing about his  rst computer, “The Kaypro . . . let you write with light on glass, not ink on paper, which was mind-blowing. It felt both godlike and ephemeral.”62 And John Updike, describing an eve- ning walk in his boyhood hometown of Shillington, Pennsylvania, for the New Yorker writes, “The raindrops made a pattern on the street like tele- vision snow, or like the scrambled letters with which a word processor  lls the screen before a completed electric spark clears it all into perfect sense.”63In fact the technical sequence I have just described is a vast simpli ca- tion, making no mention of device drivers, font libraries,  le systems, vir- tual memory, physical hardware interfaces, or numerous other variables. Moreover, as Sean Cubitt has shown, light—the actual physics of waveforms and radiation—is not an alternative to or the transcendence of materiality, but rather it is the very epitome of materiality. Printing and engraving tech- nologies have long depended on the use of light as a medium through their manipulation of texture—thus techniques including mezzotint, aquatint, and lithography helped create the conditions for the rasterized Cartesian grid of the CRT (and subsequently the LCD and plasma) display, a func- tion of what Cubitt describes as the arithmetical “triumph of enumeration over continuum.”64An aesthetics of luminescence in turn had direct implications for how writers thought about and articulated their experience of the medium, par- ticularly in terms of speed and freedom or  exibility. “Working with light
46 TRACK CHANGESon a screen rather than marks on a page, I  nd that I can noodle and doodle and be much more spontaneous,” said Russell Banks. “The faster I can write, the more likely I’ll get something worth saving down on paper. From the very beginning, I’ve grabbed onto any technology that would allow me to write faster—a soft pencil instead of a hard pencil, ballpoint instead of a fountain pen, electric typewriter instead of manual.”65 Implicit also in Banks’s remarks is a drive toward the dematerialization of inscription, a no- tion we have already traced back to Michael Heim’s very early observations about word processing. Over and over again, writers re ected upon the speed of word processing: “I worked from a very early age on a typewriter which I was given—a little portable—so I was in one sense prepared for the computer because I never wrote by hand. It proved to be a godsend actually because I was able to write much more rapidly on it and was able to complete The Tunnel in a year, writing about half of it in that last year on the computer,” commented William Gass.66 Similarly his colleague Stanley Elkin told Time magazine in 1981, “If I’d had [the Lexitron] in 1964, I’d have written three more books by now.”67 Sometimes speed was assessed even more functionally, as by romance author Robyn Carr: “I haven’t timed my typing but I think I’m up to 100 words per minute,” she claimed after switching to a CP/M-based system called the Burroughs Redactor III.68In 1983 Merv Grif n interrupted studio guest Michael Crichton, who was there to promote a non ction book on the computer revolution. “What is a word processor?” he demanded. “Do you talk at a machine and it writes your book?” “No, no,” replies Crichton. “A word processor looks like a typewriter but it has a screen instead of a sheet of paper. And when you type, the words appear on the screen. They are just electrical impulses on the screen. Which means that you can move around on the screen, change what you’ve written, pull blocks of text, put them elsewhere. You have complete freedom.” As Crichton talks, he gestures in an animated fashion, using his hands to sug- gest the bounded space of the screen, the horizontal lines of text, and the dynamic interplay of the features.69 While Michael Heim might have ex- plained the box in the air that Crichton’s hands were so busily describing by reference to electronic text’s supposedly purely “symbolic” character, I prefer Daniel Chandler’s characterization: “suspended inscription.”70 Sus- pended inscription means that the stored record of a text is separate from whatever the medium or surface on which it is ultimately printed or in- scribed in more palpable form. When one writes with a pen, creating and composing a text is coterminous with the work of inscribing it; and it is the
Perfect 47same with typewriting, the press of a key initiating a simple act of mechan- ical leverage that sends the type bar hurtling toward the page, its kinetic energy thus impressing the inky fabric of the ribbon it encounters in its path onto the paper behind it in the embossed shape of a letterform. (As Ivan Flores notes, with a manual typewriter, the harder you hit the key, the darker the impression.)71 But word processing is different. As Flores puts it, “The quest was for some way to break this relation so that something could be done between the time a key is hit and the information is printed.”72 This is a powerful observation, but we can go even further. With Flores’s help, we can see that word processing’s suspension of inscription is in fact a sus- pension both temporal and locative in nature. In other words, there is a gap or delay between the act of writing the text and rendering it in its docu- mentary form; moreover, the record of the text and its documentary instan- tiation occupy physically distinct media and surfaces.Every writer who made the transition to the new technology would feel the consequences of this shift. Text was stored on a disk or on (or in) some other media until such time as it was sent to a printer, but in the interim it would hover just out of reach behind the glowing glass screen in the writer’s gaze. Text blinked and  ickered, brightened and darkened; some- times it even left phosphor cells burned into the glass. These new writing surfaces—some square and some rectilinear, some  at and some convex, the letters green or amber on black, then (improbably) grey on blue, and (eventually) black on white—is what afforded the user the illusion of real- time control over a document.73 Time and again writers were struck by the instantaneousness—there is no other word—of their new word processor. A press of a key and the document changed before the user’s eyes, not just simple backspaces to  x a typo but deleting or moving whole  elds of text or changing a word throughout an entire manuscript. Robyn Carr again: “If I have to change a character name—and I’ve had to on my  rst two books— I can just code the change into the machine and it will automatically be changed on the disk,” enabling the revised text to appear (as Carr goes on to note) on the printed hard copy.74 Word processing thus emerges as a com- bination of the inde nite suspension of inscription and the allure of real- time editorial intervention—in stark contrast to the typewriter, where writing and editing were of necessity mechanically separate operations.75 In effect, the writing surface becomes a Möbius strip, with the writer both writing and not-writing at the same time—which is to say, writing in mul- tiple locations simultaneously, one text made of light and another stored
48 TRACK CHANGESinde nitely prior to printing onto yet another (even more durable) surface. Word processing was thus the simulation and the suspension of writing— “writing” and “not-writing”—instantaneously manifest and yet potentially endlessly postponed. This is ultimately what Heim and so many other con- verts were celebrating.Unsurprisingly, Continental philosophy and theory tried its best to ac- count for these newfound qualities of writing. Friedrich Kittler used the example of word processing and speci cally WordPerfect to launch the ar- gument in his most famous refutation of the myth of digital transcendence, drawing attention to the difference between human- and machine-readable writing by noting that the actual word “WordPerfect” is too long to be faith- fully rendered under the software’s own native DOS regimen of eight- character  le names.76 For Kittler, word processing marked a de nitive break with prior writing technologies because words stopped being mere signi-  ers and become executables instead: “Surely tapping the letter sequence of W, P, and Enter on [a] keyboard does not make the Word perfect, but this simple writing act starts the execution of WordPerfect.”77 And it does so without ambiguity, perfectly predictable each and every time. Jacques Derrida, who in 1986 traded in his Olivetti electric typewriter for what he referred to thereafter as le petit Mac (it was photographed for Circum- fessions), also pronounced upon word processing, most notably in a 1996 interview devoted to the subject. Derrida mentions his surprise at a word processing program prompting him when his paragraphs got too long; after some initial hesitation he opted to respect the constraint, “so submitting . . . to an arbitrary rule made by a program I hadn’t chosen.”78What is perhaps most striking about many of these early accounts of word processing, however, is simply how much they had in common with one an- other, even when they disagreed. Consider these two testimonials:Poets do have to make changes, but they cannot think so; they must think that the next word and phrase will be perfect. At times, and these are the happiest, they have the feeling that words are being given to them with abso- lute  nality. The word processor works directly against this feeling; it tells you your writing is not  nal. And it enables you to think you are writing when you are not, when you are only making notes or the outline of a poem you may write at a later time. But then you will feel no need to write it.It’s a different kind of timing, a different rhythm. First of all, you correct faster and in a more or less inde nite way. Previously, after a certain number
P e r fe c t 4 9of versions, everything came to a halt—that was enough. Not that you thought the text was perfect, but after a certain period of metamorphosis the pro- cess was interrupted. With the computer, everything is rapid and so easy; you get to thinking you can go on revising forever.The  rst is from the poet Louis Simpson writing in the New York Times Book Review to warn his fellow travelers away from the seductions of word processing; the second is from Derrida’s interview.79 Simpson sees the word processor as beguiling, whereas Derrida is more interested in the differ- ence it makes. Yet both organize their remarks around the open-ended nature of revision and both question the conceit of perfection. Nor was it always easy to predict a given writer’s loyalties and predispositions. The conservative columnist and essayist William F. Buckley Jr., for example, was a vocal early adopter and wrote a sharp response to Simpson that amounts to taking him to task for mystifying writing in ways Derrida would have no doubt appreciated.80For others, however, the future of writing was already on the wall. The Czech media philosopher Vilém Flusser, working at the same time as Heim, yoked word processing and electronic document technologies to automation, believing it was only a matter of time before humans would become super uous to the very act of writing, which machines would be able to execute far more ef ciently.81 In particular, Flusser distinguished between what he termed “inscription” and “notation”; the former is char- acterized by instruments for digging and incising, for gouging writing into a surface; the latter by brushes and pigments or guiding ink through chan- nels for writing on a surface.82 In this formulation (as Russell Banks also seemed to intuit) the word processor is the culmination of centuries of technological re nement that began with brushing ink onto parchment using featherweight quills. But there is also a strong relationship between the effort that writing requires owing to the resistance of the surface, and the writing’s long-term durability. Letters carved into granite last longer than ink stains on paper, which last longer than pixels illuminated on the screen. For Flusser, a truly momentous occurrence in the history of writing was the advent of the practice of  ring soft clay tablets in the oven to harden them, thereby transmuting a soft and pliable writing surface into an unyielding one for posterity.83 Word processing could be said to do much the same, allowing the malleable structures of computer memory (we call it software, after all) to harden into hard copy when the writer is
50 TRACK CHANGESready. The kiln of the digital age is thus the laser printer. Its beams of lightgive us letter-perfect copy.Anne Rice got her  rst computer, an Osborne 1, from Macy’s on credit.84 She used WordStar and quickly realized it was doing something pro- found to her. “Well, I think once you really get used to a computer and you get used to entering the information from that keyboard, things happen in your mind, I mean, you change as a writer,” she claimed in a 1985 CBS radio interview after writing The Vampire Lestat.You’re able to do things that maybe you never would have thought of doing before. I think your mind has to meet that challenge. I think it takes about two years to realize what this thing can really do so that you begin to use its whole potential. Because what it does is it forces you to come up to it. It says, I can do anything you want now—so think, what do you want me to do?85This unadulterated freedom—or at least the supremely powerful percep- tion of such—has everything to do with the material characteristics of word processing just described.In another interview a few years later Rice would go even further, calling her subsequent Queen of the Damned (1988) “the  rst book in which I really used the computer as the pure poetic tool it is capable of being.”86 Like Stanley Elkin, she describes being able to move effortlessly across the full expanse of her text, backward and forward with near simultaneity, editing and revising at will. She contrasts the experience to the typewriter, and the accumulation of a large and “ponderous” (her word) draft, the necessity of having to retype whole chapters after introducing even minor changes. “You’re dealing with a mechanism, with labor, and all of that’s swept away by the computer,” she exults. “You’re no longer making the mechanical compromises that move [the writing] away from poetry.”87 And thus, the inevitable conclusion, as ominous in its own way as a dynasty of immortal vampires: “There’s really no excuse for not writing the perfect book.”88
 THREEAROUND 1981In 1981 (the year the Times reported on President Carter’s mishap with the Lanier) neither “mouse” nor “window” were terms most people would have associated with computers. The Lanier itself was one of the early stand- alone word processing systems then on the market, along with the IBM Displaywriter, the Lexitron, the CPT 8000, and the Wang, to name some of the more popular models and brands. The  rst-generation of Z-80 and Intel 8080 eight-bit microcomputers, typi ed by Cromemco and IMSAI, had meanwhile given way to so-called integrated personal computer systems from Apple, Tandy, Commodore, and Osborne. IBM was only just getting into the PC business that year, and Microsoft had just recently moved from Albuquerque to Washington State with a contract to produce something called a Disk Operating System (their primary competition was the rival op- erating system CP/M). Disks themselves were literally  oppy—51⁄4- or 8- inch black squares that actually waggled up and down; the smaller 31⁄2-inch  oppies (which were not  oppy but rigid) did not yet exist. Hard drives ex- isted, but were seen only rarely on the sorts of machines most consumers would buy. Time magazine was still more than a year away from declaring the personal computer its “Machine of the Year.” Popular Electronics had fea- tured the Altair 8800—usually considered the world’s  rst microcomputer— on its cover in January 1975, but in 1981 was still a year away from renaming itself Computers and Electronics. Tron and War Games had not yet made it to movie theaters, and William Gibson had not yet coined the term “cy- berspace” in his  ction. Wired magazine and the World Wide Web, mean- while, were both a decade away, give or take. In the arcades, Ms. Pac-Man51
52 TRACK CHANGESwas queen of the quarters. The “Internet” was a messy amalgamation of government and academic research networks, useful mainly for exchanging  les or something called “electronic mail.” These networks crisscrossed with commercial services like The Source and CompuServe (America On- line did not yet exist). Bulletin boards—not part of the Internet as such— were an alternative ecosystem, attractive to the hobbyists and enthusiasts who also sometimes still assembled their own computers from kits. Users were accustomed to acquiring new programs by manually typing them from source code printed in books, newsletters, and magazines. In 1981, Cold War tensions between the United States and the Soviet Union were some of the most heightened on record and would get worse before they would get better. In March of that year President Reagan would come close to dying from a bullet  red by John Hinckley Jr.; in April the Space Shuttle Columbia lifted off for the  rst time; in July Sandra Day O’Connor was nom- inated to the U.S. Supreme Court, and Charles, Prince of Wales, married Lady Diana Spencer; in August MTV went on the air for the  rst time, launching the network with “Video Killed the Radio Star” by The Buggles; in October Anwar Sadat was assassinated and the Dodgers beat the Yan- kees in the sixth game of the World Series.The beginning of the 1980s was not the beginning of word processing, either in the workplace or in the home. As we will see in later chapters, there are a number of earlier exemplars, and a writer just beginning to use a word processor in 1981 had arguably already missed the chance to be called a genuine early adopter. Nevertheless, 1981 was about the time word pro- cessing entered public awareness at large and became a topic of conversa- tion and debate in the literary world as elsewhere. An article published that year in The Economist claimed that 500,000 people were “already” using one.1 Len Deighton recalls a lunch from that era at which the London-based mystery writer H. R. F. Keating quipped, “It used to be that when writers got together they talked about money: now they talk only about word pro- cessors.”2 Time magazine, meanwhile, ran a piece called “Plugged-In Prose,” with the following lead: “Every month more writers are discarding their pencils and typewriters for ‘word processors,’ technical jargon for small com- puters with typewriter-like keyboards, electronic screens for scanning and manipulating text, units to store information, and high-speed printers.”3 The key development was the rise of the integrated systems, which made per- sonal computers attractive to people without technical backgrounds. These systems provided novices with all of the hardware they needed in a single
Around 1981 53package, including CPU, monitor, tape or disk storage, and often a printer and even software. Retail computer stores also began appearing—clean, well-lit spaces that encouraged window shopping and kibitzing with the sales staff. Computers, in other words, had come of age as consumer electronics.New software was released almost daily. Though WordStar was quickly recognized as the leading program of its kind, there were literally scores of alternatives on the market, with choice dependent on not only features and capabilities but also compatibility with what were generally mutually incom- patible host systems. In our own era, when one word processor has held onto the dominant market share for so long, it is dif cult to appreciate the chal- lenges this entailed. A detailed buyer’s guide published in a 1983 issue of Writer’s Digest compares some three dozen different programs across a ma- trix of over two dozen variables and features, including (besides price and compatibility) the availability of block commands like copy, move, or delete, search and replace, and file backup as well as options for form printing, pagination, superscript and subscript, proportional spacing, underling and emphasis, word counting, and “screen display same as printed copy.”4 Word processing also spawned ancillary software genres, notably spell-checkers and thesauri (not built into many programs) but also typing tutorials as well as programs for creating indices, tables of contents, footnotes, and outlines.While the abundance of choice may seem empowering in retrospect, it was also a signi cant obstacle to getting started. Stewart Brand’s Whole Earth Software Catalog, an offshoot of the legendary counterculture pub- lication Whole Earth Catalog, put its  nger on the problem: “For new com- puter users these days the most daunting task is not learning how to use the machine but shopping.”5 Charles Bukowski (who wouldn’t begin using a computer in earnest until he got a Macintosh for Christmas in 1990) none- theless captured the moment in a poem written circa 1985 called “16-bit Intel 8088 chip.”6 Laced with references to brand names such as Apple, Commodore, and IBM, it includes this observation:both Kaypro and Osborne computers use the CP/M operating systembut can’t read each other’shandwritingfor they format (write on) discs in different ways.7
54 TRACK CHANGESThe poem concludes by contrasting the fundamental irreconcilability of all of these arti cial systems with the natural world that unchangingly, unknow- ingly coexists with them.As with other constituencies, authors coped with the vagaries of the com- puter marketplace as best they could. Flip through an issue of Writer’s Digest from around 1981 and you will see page after page of advertising for computers, word processors, and word processing software alongside images of manual and electric typewriters and fountain pens—not least because the ads for the new technology often used the latter to convey a sense of trust and continuity with the past. A wrong choice on the part of a  rst-time buyer—who might arrive at the local computer store primed with good or bad advice from friends and the latest industry gossip gleaned from com- puter magazines, only to  rst be subjected to a hard sell from the sales staff—could mean thousands of dollars wasted or worse. Steven Levy, a technology journalist, summed up the nature of the decision: “I compare using a word processor to living with somebody. You go into it with all kinds of enthusiasms, and things are wonderful. Then, you see other word pro- cessors promising more. More features, friendlier style. The question is, is it worth tossing over a relationship in which you’ve invested months for a word- transpose toggle, an indexing function you’ll use maybe twice, and a split- screen capability? A choice of a word processor is a major life-decision, and no-one can afford (in terms of time, money, or emotional capital) to play the  eld.”8 This account, as casually sexualized as it is earnest, makes clear that a word processor was not only the most vexed and complicated but also in many ways the most intimate piece of software many consumers would acquire. Word processors externalized individual conceptions and presumptions about the act of writing, forcing users to confront—in a literal feature matrix— what was essentially a model of their own personal writing practices.The stakes could sometimes be even higher. 1981 was also the year the U.S. Centers for Disease Control  rst recognized the existence of ac- quired immune de ciency syndrome (AIDS). Judy Grahn, a poet living in California and identifying as both lesbian and feminist, was writing using a short-lived word processing system manufactured by the Exxon Corpora- tion. The book she was working on was not poetry; it was Another Mother Tongue: Gay Words, Gay Worlds, which when published in 1984 was widely recognized as a pioneering work of gay history and historiography (also fused with autobiography). Grahn had begun using the Exxon 510 as part of a concerted effort to  nish and publish the book as quickly as possible:
Around 1981 55“The Exxon system would automatically repaginate and renumber footnotes, so it was the most time-saving thing you can imagine. . . . Time meant everything to me as I wanted to get the book out to a generation of Gay men who were coming down with AIDS and HIV positive diagnoses; the Right wing fanatics were telling them ugly stuff about punishment and ret- ribution, and my book refuted all that.”9 The unlikely existence of an Exxon word processor was a by-product of the energy giant’s 1980 take-over of Zilog, maker of the successful Z-80 microprocessor, which rivaled the pop- ularity of the Intel 8080 as the foundation of many  rst-generation com- puters.10 Grahn concludes, “The word processor cut at least a year from my writing time.”11 But in as much as word processing was regarded as trans- formative by so many upon their  rst encounter with luminescent letters on a glass screen, it is also clear that the reality of contending with those early systems was often more mundane. Users were expected to come to grips with stacks of recondite manuals in ways that seem unthinkable now; they banded together in users’ groups, started up homegrown news- letters to rival the newsstand glossies devoted to personal computing, and generally learned to hack around and  gure things out for themselves. Such was the nature of computing at a moment before the popular advent of the Internet, before the graphical user interface, before even the general availability of hard drives.These kinds of experiences—anything but perfect—are the focus of this chapter. Computers were indeed “moving in,” as Time magazine would put it the following year, and they were not shy about it, demanding not only power outlets but also dedicated furnishings and other accessories, even sometimes their own room in the house. As one of the contributing writers to Time was to put it: “Computers were once regarded as distant ominous abstractions, like Big Brother. In 1982 they truly became personalized, brought down to scale, so that people could hold, prod, and play with them.”12 Certainly 1981, the year that saw the release of such systems as the IBM PC and the Osborne 1, was at least as much of a watershed in that regard. While some writers recoiled at the prospect of a computer under their roof, others took the leap, discovering an af nity for the technology (warts and all) in ways they could not have anticipated.Over the course of four articles written between November 1981 and June 1982 for the newsstand magazine Popular Computing, none
56 TRACK CHANGESother than Dr. Isaac Asimov (then sixty-one years old) recounted his coming to grips with a word processor; together these articles constitute an unusually detailed self-portrait of a writer’s encounter with the tech- nology.13 He begins by narrating the arrival of the machine on May 6, 1981, at his thirty-third- oor New York City apartment. The system was one of the most popular ones on the market, a TRS-80 Model II manufactured by Tandy and sold through its Radio Shack retail stores. It was accompanied by a daisy wheel printer and Radio Shack’s own word processing software, Scripsit.14The beginning is not auspicious. Ray Bradbury, a famous contemporary, is said to have once declared: “With a book tucked in one hand, and a computer shoved under my elbow, I will march, not sidle, shudder or quake, into the twenty- rst century.”15 Asimov, by contrast, describes his stance thus: “head high, eyes  ashing,  sts clenched, and brain paralyzed with fear.”16 He also expresses skepticism that the technology can do any- thing to improve his already prodigious output, roughly a book a month. Nonetheless, he endeavors to honor the experiment, contemplating the sealed boxes and imagining them filled with “arcane incunabula.”17 He asks us to accept that he has stacked them in a corner of his writing of ce and then practices navigating the space until he can be assured of avoiding any accidental contact with them, even in the dark. But that is merely prolonging the inevitable. A few days later a technician, dis- patched from Radio Shack headquarters in Fort Worth, arrives to set everything up. Asimov’s wife, Janet, makes an appearance at this point, suggesting that the computer take pride of place in the living room in- stead of the back of ce. The machine is powered on and the technician types some lines with Asimov watching over his shoulder. “Words and sentences appeared, and parts were then erased, substituted, transferred, inserted, started, stopped.”18Dr. Asimov is given homework: manuals to read, workbooks to complete, tape-recorded tutorials to listen to. He confesses in his diary that night: “ ‘I’ll never learn how to use it.’ ”19 Time passes. The computer looms as an omi- nous presence in the otherwise tranquil domestic space of the apartment, dominating its surroundings: “I had, by now, developed the habit of  inching when I passed the computer corner, throwing up my arm as though to ward off an attack.”20 Gradually, however, Asimov lets his determination get the better of him and begins to experiment with the machine. On June 14 he has the typescript of an article to revise. He transcribes and edits it with
Around 1981 57 Scripsit. And somehow, without discernible reason or explanation, every-thing (so to speak) clicks:I will never know what happened. The day before I had been as innocent of the ability to run the machine as I had been while it had still been in its original box. A night had passed—an ordinary night—but during it some- thing in my brain must  nally have rearranged itself. Now, there I was, running the machine like an old hand. In making my corrections, I could even use my right hand on both the “repeat” and the cursor arrows, without looking, and that little blinking devil jumped through every hoop in sight.21Thus empowered, he immediately turns to revising a waiting novel in the same fashion. He whistles while he works. Perhaps channeling Twain, he declares out loud to his wife: “ ‘All it takes is grit, determination, a sense of buoyant optimism, and good old Yankee know-how.’ ”22This story of a “word-processor” (as the title of the original Popular Com- puting article has it rendered) is also, let us not forget, being told by a master storyteller. It delights with the image of the patriarch of the scien- ti c literary imagination, author of the Foundation trilogy and giver of the Three Laws of Robotics, humbled by the mute pile of consumer electronics in the corner of his apartment. It narrates a Eureka moment then scripts a pitch-perfect montage of happy productivity, very near cinematic in its ele- ments; all of it wrapped within the self-effacing charm that no doubt en- deared Asimov to his readers.Initially he admits only modest gains. He is already a blazingly fast typist, claiming 90 words per minute, so he doubts the machine can make him any faster. But he does note that the keys are easier to depress and make less noise, which allows him to hear the television while he works, a  rst. The most salient observations, however, concern revision. As has been noted, Asimov’s output was prodigious. He described himself as a “one-man book- of-the-month club,” and there is not much hyperbole in that statement.23 Asimov had grown used to simply “barreling along,” as he puts it: “When an article requires, let us say, ten pages, I end up with ten uncrumpled pages,” he says.24 Errors—typos—were the copy editor’s problem. The writer’s job was to produce the copy:The result is that any page I type may smoke slightly from the heat gener- ated by the speed, but it is also garbled. The word “the” is spelled in various
58 TRACK CHANGESfashions—“eht,” “eth,” “teh,” “th e” and so on. These are distributed, with  ne impartiality, randomly over the page. I make few distinctions between “seep,” “seen,” and “seem” (or “esem” for that matter), and I am quite apt to mention “the button of the  ask” when I am referring to that part of the  ask at the opposite end from the top.25The result, he  nds, is that he receives frequent last-minute phone calls from his copy editor pleading for him to reveal the meaning of phrases such as “snall paint,” which is really “small print.”26 But then something curious happens. The more he works with the word processor, the more he  nds himself compelled to proofread and correct his own typos and errors:Bang goes the “F1” and the “u” and the “F2” and “cold” suddenly becomes “could” and no sign exists that it was ever anything else. I send the cursor  ying, up and down, left and right, and all the “cart”s become “cat”s, and all the “hate”s become “heat”s (or vice versa). What’s more, commas go zooming in by the thousands and interrogative sentences which, in the old days, had question marks attached at the rate of one in three, now have one inserted with loving care every time.27What’s happening here is the redistribution of labor. Asimov, as author, is performing work that he would have previously and cheerfully left to his copy editor. In his memoir, I, Asimov, published some years later, he insists that he used the Tandy for “one job and no more—the preparation of man- uscripts.”28 Short pieces of under 2,000 words—and it must be said there were many of these—he composes directly on the computer; but he con- tinues to produce  rst drafts of longer works on his trusty typewriter, taking comfort in the sight of the rapidly accumulating sheaf of pages. The com- puter is the venue for producing clean copy.29 “Manual corrections make the manuscript look messy. . . . My editors will stand a little messiness from me, but with everyone handing in clean copy that has been corrected invis- ibly on the screen, I’m afraid my messiness would stand out and give edi- tors the subliminal notion that my writing was poor simply because it was messy.”30 But Asimov, for all of his attentiveness to the impact of the tech- nology on his writing process, does not question whether he is in fact now spending more time with each manuscript by doing this new kind of tex- tual work. In the pages of Popular Computing, he was even less equivocal: “I end up with letter-perfect copy and no one can tell it wasn’t letter-perfect
Around 1981 59all the time,” Asimov tells us. “Then I have it printed—br-r-rp, br-r-p, br-r-p—and as each perfect page is formed, my heart swells with pride. . . . So it’s not a question of speed after all, but of perfection,” he concludes. “And I hope the copy editors appreciate the new me.”31The Talisman is a novel about a boy named Sawyer who has to under- take a long and arduous journey, much of it on his own, to retrieve the magical McGuf n of the title to cure his movie star mother of cancer or a cancer-like disease. There’s more to it than that of course, and along the way there are dangers and adventures aplenty; but the most important thing to know is that the story is set in not one world but two. There is the United States, across which the twelve-year-old Jack Sawyer must travel from Maine to the Paci c; and then there are the Territories, a kind of mirror world, whose geography more or less conforms to that of the American interior (al- beit at an altered scale) and whose inhabitants are “twinners” of people Jack meets in this world. The Territories has its own currency and its own customs, its own politics and its own problems. It even has its own language, in which Jack  nds himself natively  uent. He travels there by “ ipping,” a maneuver at  rst accomplished with the aid of a mysterious juice (actually malt liquor given to him by his spirit guide, a stereotypical “magical Negro” character named Speedy). But Jack soon realizes that the hooch is just a placebo—the ability to  ip has always been innate within him, as it is for many of his allies and the chief villains of the story.By the time it appeared in 1984, this novel was already one of the most anticipated (and most hyped) of the decade. The  rst printing was a mas- sive 600,000 copies.32 Its authors were Stephen King and Peter Straub, who were something of literary twinners themselves: at the time of their collabo- ration, both were broadly typed as horror novelists. King had just  nished Cujo (1981), which was preceded by Carrie (1974), Salem’s Lot (1975), The Shining (1977), The Stand (1978), The Dead Zone (1979), and Firestarter (1980), among others. In other words, the bedrock of the King canon had been well laid, and he was indisputably a publishing phenomenon. Straub was more of an acquired taste, more grown-up, the writer one turned to when wanting something besides rabid dogs, vampires, and the apocalypse. Books like Julia (1975, which King had blurbed), Ghost Story (1979), and Shadowland (1980) had all been well-received by the critical establishment as well as by fans. The two writers had become friends after meeting in
60 TRACK CHANGESLondon and had reportedly decided to write a book together as early as 1977 or 1978 but didn’t get going on the project in earnest until several years later. (They worked for different publishers and had preexisting commitments they had to ful ll  rst, and, in any case, the ideas took time to gestate.) When the joint contracts for The Talisman were signed with Viking and Putnam in September 1981, the advance was reportedly one of the largest the in- dustry had ever seen. All that remained was the writing.33By then the book had been plotted in some detail. There was a thirty- plus-page outline, even some  rst passes at dialogue and scenes.34 There was also broad agreement between the two regarding the narrative arc, charac- terization, and themes. “This is a cheerful and fairly unpretentious story of a good kid with a lot of guts trying to save his mother’s life—and experi- encing every wonder in the world (and out of it) along the way,” King wrote in a synopsis.35 But King lived in Maine and Straub in Westport, Connect- icut, a  ve- or six-hour drive away. How then to exchange work at the pace their creative energies demanded? King and Straub had both already taken note of word processing’s increasing popularity among their fellow writers, and had separately been considering buying systems of their own. It seemed like a good investment, and both were successful enough to pay the price tag. In what would surely have been a leap of faith, however, they also decided that the technology would somehow facilitate the long-distance col- laboration that was now at hand. King wound up with his celebrated Wang (see Chapter 4), which he acquired after a visit to the company’s headquar- ters in nearby Lowell, Massachusetts. Straub shopped around and talked with other writers, but eventually settled on an IBM Displaywriter 6580.36 He was familiar with IBM products and had been using a Selectric type- writer to  nish his then-current novel, Floating Dragon. The price tag wasn’t cheap: $14,000. The salesman gave Straub assurances that he and King, despite their different word processing systems, would be able to send electronic  les back and forth using something called a modem.37 In other words, one could almost say they would be able to  ip to each other’s Territories.Straub immediately began using the Displaywriter to  nish off Floating Dragon, which was about two-thirds complete.38 “Almost as soon as I began I realized how much work that thing was going to save me,” he re- calls.39 When it came time to start in on The Talisman, King spent several days in Connecticut. The two took turns in front of Straub’s new machine. “He’d sit down for a little bit and write something, and then I’d sit down.
Around 1981 61He’d look over my shoulder. Now that was a great way to start,” Straub recalls.40The Displaywriter was a relatively new product in 1981; IBM had intro- duced them in June of the previous year. Despite the company’s pioneering involvement in of ce word processing, this was—incredibly—the  rst IBM word processing product to feature a full-size video display screen. And de- spite the price tag and the increasing availability of personal computers (including, as of August 1981, the IBM PC), the Displaywriter found a market, at least for a time. (It was the  rst commercial word processor with a spell-checker.)41 The journalist William Zinsser, who had previously written the best-selling book On Writing Well, opted for a Displaywriter and then used it to write (and typeset) a popular book entitled Writing with a Word Processor (1983).42 The Canadian novelist Marina Endicott also used one, as did the American humorist Bruce Feirstein (he wrote Real Men Don’t Eat Quiche with it).43 Endicott recalls learning the machine while working for the Ministry of Education in Toronto, noodling around with  ction when the job permitted. “I’m pretty sure I wouldn’t be a writer at all except for the IBM Displaywriter,” she still believes.44The system had no hard drive. Using it required  rst “booting” it with a program stored externally on an 8-inch disk. (Despite the elephantine di- mensions, each of the disks stored only about 280 kilobytes, nowhere near enough for a full novel.) The actual word processing program was known as Textpack. After a minute or so of clicking and clacking from the boot disk, the IBM logo would appear in phosphorescent green in the lower right- hand corner. The screen itself was 80 by 20 characters. A user would begin a document by selecting a “typing task” from the main menu. The Display- writer was compatible with several good-quality IBM printers (one of which, the 5215, used the same golfball technology as the Selectric) and— crucially—it allowed for modem connections. Depending on the particu- lars of the actual hardware Straub and King were each using, transmission rates would have been between 300 and 1,200 baud, or between 30 and 120 characters per second—so no more than around 1,000 words a minute even under the best of circumstances. Still, it was faster than driving back and forth between Bangor and Westport, and faster by orders of magnitude than the U.S. mail. “Steve could actually see the lines going across his screen,” Straub recalls. “I couldn’t on mine. I had to call it up later, after it was all in. But Steve could see things as they came in, which I thought was something.”45 Indeed it must have been: watching text scrolling down
62 TRACK CHANGESa video screen in one’s home of ce as it was being transmitted over a tele- phone line.But this solution wasn’t without glitches. As was the case with the mirror- world of the Territories, not everything always transferred in quite the same way. “The IBM is a very adaptable machine, and by fooling around with the codes on mine, I could make it possible for 99% of our stuff to go through without a hitch,” Straub remembers.46 He elaborates:There were differences in protocol, in underlying language between the IBM and the Wang systems. So quote marks didn’t come across the same way, italics didn’t come across the same way, all these little embedded codes were different from machine to machine. So we had to work out a secondary lan- guage for all these things that caused glitches in the manuscript. So let’s say for example instead of quote marks we used a pound sign. Then when we got the material then you did a global search and replace. For a pound sign you put quotes and for whatever the other thing was you put italics. There were a lot of those codes but once we got kind of into the swing of things it all went pretty easily.47Straub, who also began subscribing to computer magazines around that time, found these rituals appealing: “I liked the idea that I was learning my way through a rather deep forest and was succeeding in putting things together. Later on when it became a little easier I kind of missed all the old mumbo jumbo that you had to do.”48Twinning and  ipping are easy metaphors to borrow from the novel to foreground the practical dif culties of collaboration and technological com- patibility. But so tidy an analogy can only go so far. An August 1983 letter from King to Straub describes King’s meeting with their editor, Alan Wil- liams at Viking, who had various changes to suggest; King agreed with most of them and in the letter tells Straub he will have an assistant “produce a second draft from my Wang discs,” and then he and Straub can meet to go over it.49 Such a seemingly insigni cant detail attests to a scene of writing that is invariably messier and more complicated than any simple medium- speci c account would suggest, in this case involving not only King and Straub’s creative imaginations and their modems, but also the advice of an editor, the labor of a paid assistant, disk storage, hard-copy printouts, postal correspondence, and in-person meetings. All of these modes of communi- cation and interaction were thus part of what it meant to write The Talisman. As was also the case with Asimov, word processing took its place in and
Around 1981 63 among existing work habits and networks—and it recon gured them tovarying degrees—but it never simply replaced them.Around 1981 Amy Tan was living in San Francisco and working as a med- ical journalist.50 Her  rst novel, The Joy Luck Club (1989), was still years away. On the job she used a TRS-80 to write and  le her stories. Tan ruefully dubbed the machine “Bad Sector” for the number of times its disks would return that dreaded error message when she was saving or retrieving a  le.51 (A bad sector message could mean different things, but none of them good: maybe a physical  aw on the fragile surface of the disk itself, maybe a hopelessly corrupted  le.) “Happened a lot back then,” Tan remembers.52A self-described “geekette,” she followed with interest developments in the burgeoning home computer industry—much of which was centered just south of the city in Silicon Valley.53 That was the year Adam Osborne de- buted the Osborne 1, the  rst genuinely portable personal computer. What made it portable was not so much its weight (it came in at a hefty 231⁄2 pounds), but the fact that its core components—keyboard, screen, processor, and disk drive—were all integrated within a single, self-contained unit that was transportable like a carrying case. Because the globetrotting executive was seen as a key demographic, the dimensions of the case were carefully calibrated to  t under a business class airline seat. The Osborne 1, as we have already seen, also came bundled with WordStar, and its relatively low cost, ostensible portability, and above all self-contained all-in-one design made it a popular choice for a number of writers. Tan would have had no way of knowing, of course, but this is the machine Ralph Ellison would shortly purchase, as would a young writer named Michael Chabon, as yet unpublished.54The Kaypro II debuted the following year, at the West Coast Computer Faire held in San Francisco. The brainchild of Silicon Valley entrepreneur Andrew Kay, it had many similarities with the Osborne 1, chief among them the integrated case design. It was a few pounds heavier, but its screen was almost twice the size (Ellison, like many Osborne users, would eventually get a separate external monitor to avoid having to peer into the notoriously tiny screen). And like the Osborne, the Kaypro was based on the Z-80 chip and its attendant CP/M operating system. The computer came bundled with an application suite dubbed Perfect Software, which included the word processor Perfect Writer. (This was eventually replaced by WordStar in the
64 TRACK CHANGESstart-up bundle, and it had brie y been preceded by yet a third word pro- cessor, Select.) The Kaypro was also popular with writers. Arthur C. Clarke got one. So did Andrei Codrescu. “It was incredibly hip,” he remembers in a 2014 piece on the death of Andrew Kay. “And it made writing something very different.”55Amy Tan would buy her Kaypro II in 1983, presumably purchasing it at the standard retail price of $1,795 (the same as the Osborne).56 She had not yet taken an active interest in writing  ction, but she had transitioned from medical writing to freelance corporate communications work for  rms like Paci c Bell, AT&T, and IBM. Her Kaypro II, and Perfect Writer in partic- ular, thus saw heavy use. Indeed, Tan, a self-described workaholic, found herself burning out, a victim of her own success. Nonetheless, at the very height of this period she found time to help start a Kaypro users’ group called Bad Sector, the same name she had unceremoniously given to her  rst computer.Users’ groups were one of the  xtures of early computer culture. The  rst and most famous of them all was the Homebrew Computer Club, which met in the auditorium of Stanford University’s linear accelerator. Adam Os- borne was a member, and at one of those now quasi-legendary gatherings Steve Wozniak had demonstrated his prototype for what eventually be- came the Apple II computer. But users’ groups were all very “homebrew”; they tended to coalesce organically, their members  nding each other through notices tacked up in computer shops (or on virtual bulletin boards), ads in newsletters, and word of mouth. Typically they were tied together by an interest in a common system or product. Members would swap tips and help one another troubleshoot. Software was demoed and doubt- less copied and exchanged, sometimes on the down-low. Yet manufacturers often worked closely with the users’ groups, giving members opportunities to preview products that were still under testing and give feedback. Industry reps would frequently turn up at the meetings. Computer bulletin boards and early online networks existed, but these face-to-face gatherings furnished the most vital form of community.By the time of its founding in 1984, Bad Sector was a relative latecomer to this scene: there were several other Kaypro users’ groups already active in the Bay area, including BAKUP in Oakland and another called KUG, which was simply the Kaypro Users’ Group. Those meetings would some- times attract upward of a hundred people. The founders of Bad Sector, how- ever, were motivated by the desire for something on a smaller, more intimate
Around 1981 65scale. They also wanted to have some fun, to geek out in style. Alongside Tan, the founding members of the group were the technical writer Ray Barnes and the photojournalist Robert Foothorap, who was then stringing for Time magazine and had photographed Wozniak and Jobs with their Apple I prototype. “From the Bay area there were two national stories of merit,” Foothorap recalls. “One was computers and the other was HIV.”57The fullest account of Bad Sector’s activities comes to us from the journalist Ben Fong-Torres, also a member, who often wrote for Rolling Stone. In 1985 he contributed an article about the group to Pro les, a hand- some, well-appointed organ published by Kaypro itself.58 In some detail Fong-Torres recounts the goings-on at a typical monthly meeting, held in this instance in the living room of Ray Barnes’s Haight-Ashbury apartment and attended by some eighteen people; three of them, he notes, were women, including Tan. “People had questions; invariably, others had answers,” Fong- Torres wrote. “Or at least clues.”59 The origin of the group’s colorful name also soon became manifest: “One person got a ‘bad sector’ message when he formatted a disk. When he tried to  nd the bad sector, he was greeted with: ‘No bad sector.’ ‘I’d throw the disk out,’ said Barnes. But he also offered a suggestion: ‘If you have the new CP/M you can format on either drive. It’s a tick and goes away. No big deal.’”60 The meeting proceeded in that vein: “Foothorap offered two disks of friendly tips on Perfect’s Writer, Calc and Filer software; Barnes mentioned a new Kaypro Users’ Handbook that  eshes out Kaypro’s own thin manuals. A guest told the group about a section of an independent guide to Perfect software ‘that I found invalu- able, three pages of undocumented commands.’ Barnes suggested he photo- copy those pages so that ‘Bad Sector’ can make them available to anyone interested. Agreed.”61Tan, meanwhile, offered to host a tutorial for a subset of the group spe- ci cally interested in Perfect Writer and word processing. Though little remembered today, Perfect Writer was widely used in the Kaypro commu- nity. It was notable for its ability to split the screen in half and display two different documents simultaneously, something not even WordStar could do at the time (this functionality was a result of Perfect Writer’s roots in the powerful Emacs software used for text editing on mainframe systems). “Perfect Writer is at its best with long or complicated documents,” the Whole Earth Software Catalog noted.62 One can thus understand the attraction for  ction writers. Fong-Torres then quotes Tan at length on how the group got started: “Someone told me, ‘I know someone who bought the same
66 TRACK CHANGEScomputer as you; you might want to make a connection.’ My interest was to have someone to go to whose computer I could borrow if mine broke down. And that was Robert Foothorap. I told him I was interested in starting a group for support purposes, and to exchange information. I didn’t want something like BAKUP which is so big that I’d wind up spending 20 hours a week taking phone calls. I wanted something simple and fun.”63Fun was unquestionably a key part of it. “Amy set the atmosphere,” Barnes recalled, “through her love for chocolate, liqueur and coffee.”64 Indeed, Fong-Torres treats the appearance of a sumptuous Black Forest cake (as op- posed to a demo from the attending Kaypro rep) as the centerpiece of the evening. Tan herself described it all thus, in the shorthand of a tweet: “We had reps from Kaypro, the WP software at meetings, free Kaypro mugs. B&B. chocolate decadence. Grew from 5 members to 100.”65 But the even- tual size and popularity of the group proved its undoing. It folded not long after Fong-Torres  nished his article, after a run of only about a year and a half.Ultimately Bad Sector is just one more piece of an individual writer’s history. Certainly Amy Tan’s involvement in the group must be placed in proper proportion to other events marking her often tragic or turbulent bi- ography, from childhood family trauma to her later struggles with Lyme disease. Still, most accounts of Tan’s early life move straight from her un- ful lling career as a journalist and technical writer to the submission of her  rst short story, “Endgame,” to the Squaw Valley writers’ workshop in 1985 and its subsequent publication in Seventeen magazine. At the very least, however, the Kaypro users’ group she cofounded furnished an important social outlet during this interregnum. The meetings, often in her and her husband’s home—their street address was the one listed in the directory of users’ groups in Pro les magazine—afforded her access to a new kind of creative community. The story of Bad Sector complicates a narrative in which technology, through the purgatory of a technical writing career, serves only as a foil for Tan’s subsequent accomplishments as a novelist.66 More- over, it was an unusually prominent leadership role for a woman amid the culture of early home computing: “Everybody else was pretty much male tinkerers,” recalls Foothorap.67Was the Kaypro—with its self-contained setup, the keyboard unfolding from the case to reveal the waiting screen—a beacon for someone con- templating a career as a  ction writer? It’s hard to imagine that it wouldn’t have been. (By her own account, Tan has since written all her books on
Around 1981 67computers, starting with that same Kaypro.)68 Regardless, the story under- scores just how deeply Tan was invested in the early culture of word processing. She was an expert user, completely up to date on current de- velopments and insider news. “The computer is my life,” was what she told Fong-Torres at the time. “It’s great  nding people as  xated as you are.”69Readers who scrutinized the acknowledgments in Arthur C. Clarke’s novel 2010: Odyssey Two (1982), the long-awaited sequel to 2001: A Space Odyssey (1968) that had supposedly brought him out of retirement, wouldhave encountered the information that it was written on something called an “Archives III” microcomputer running WordStar, and that its manuscript had been conveyed from Colombo, Sri Lanka (where Clarke had lived since the 1950s), to New York on a 51⁄4-inch disk. The text’s  nal words are these: “Last-minute corrections were transmitted through the Padukka Earth Sta- tion and the Indian Ocean Intelsat V.”70Clarke had acquired the suggestively named Archives computer some- time in the second half of 1981, when he was about a quarter of the way through the initial draft of 2010 (he had bought an Apple II at about the same time, but used it mainly for games rather than for writing).71 The Ar- chives III would have retailed for some $8,500; it ran the popular Z-80 CP/M combination, but be tting its name it also featured a  ve-megabyte hard disk drive, uncommon for its day. Clarke had an assistant transcribe the text of an existing manuscript into the machine (which he christened “Archie,” once his own nickname) and proceeded from there, an instant con- vert: “I was in exactly the same position as an Egyptian scribe who had spent his life carving inscriptions on granite—and suddenly discovered ink and papyrus.”72 Clarke was thus using a word processor a full half decade before writing his affectionate send-up of the technology, “The Steam- Powered Word Processor.” He testi es with the now-familiar litany: that it removes the “drudgery” from writing, and thereby improves the quality of his writing; and that every manuscript can be a “perfect” production, effortlessly output by the printer. “I can honestly say I have never touched a typewriter since that day,” he concludes.73Sri Lanka, of course, was not the usual locale for a prominent British- born science  ction author—but Clarke had made it his home in no small part due to its suitability as a base for his lifelong interest in scuba diving and underwater exploration. He disliked travel and rarely left the island,
68 TRACK CHANGESbecoming an in uential public  gure and patron there and in 1983 estab- lishing a science and engineering institute, the Arthur Clarke Centre for Modern Technologies. The location also undoubtedly contributed to the fact that Clarke quickly learned to use a modem in conjunction with his com- puter, which allowed him to access early online news and data services. After entrusting the fragile  oppy containing the complete manuscript of 2010 to international mail, he employed the modem technology to transmit a text  le containing additional revisions to New York, thus yielding that  nal, dra- matic detail resonant with the imagery of the giant radio-telescopes at the beginning of the book and  lm. This electronically encoded stream of bytes, which undertook its own adventurous voyage through Earth’s atmosphere and telecommunications infrastructure, was named ODYCOR, or Odyssey Corrections.74Archives, Inc. was but a short-lived entrant in the volatile personal com- puter industry, and a couple of years later Clarke was in the market for a new system. IBM had just sent him one of their PCs, perhaps hoping for an endorsement. Instead he selected a Kaypro II, in part because a science writer researching a book on personal computing wanted to interview him by modem, and Kaypro offered software to make that possible.75 Clarke, meanwhile, was also in conversations with MGM and director and screen- writer Peter Hyams about the movie adaptation of 2010. Hymans consid- ered Clarke’s involvement in the project crucial, but Los Angeles and Sri Lanka were twelve hours apart in international time zones, thus making regular phone calls not only expensive but inconvenient. Clarke quickly re- alized that the modem could become a “time shifter” (his phrase) and that each of them could write long-form communiques while the other slept.76 Hyams duly acquired a Kaypro of his own, and he and Clarke began an ex- tended electronic correspondence, using the Kaypro II machines and a piece of communications software called MITE to transmit back and forth text  les that they would then store on diskettes with their home systems— essentially the same method that (doubtless unknown to them) Straub and King were employing to write The Talisman. The resulting correspondence dates from September 16, 1983, to February 7, 1984, and is collected in a book that the two planned almost from the start of their collaboration, en- titled The Odyssey File (1984).77 It recounts discussions about casting, plot alterations, set design, and many other aspects of the production, as well as conversations about mutual acquaintances, current affairs, and baseball scores. This, of course, sounds very much like a typical back-and-forth on electronic mail, a term that in fact Clarke used to describe the process. But
Around 1981 69email in the sense we know it was beyond their reach; although the “In- ternet” existed in its nascent form as the ARPANET, it was not generally accessible to the public, making a science  ction author (and British national living in Sri Lanka) and a Hollywood  lm director unlikely candidates for exceptions.Clarke describes the transmission process that quickly became routine for both of them: “When I get up in the morning, I switch on my machine and tell it to call Peter’s of ce number,” he writes. “I then take charge, just as if I were sitting at the keyboard in Culver City [Los Angeles], and ask it to list all the  les that are stored on its No. 2  oppy disk, designated B. . . . Peter’s machine then swiftly lists the names of all its current  les, and dis- plays them to me in numerical order: ‘PH49 PH50 PH51. . . .’ I look at the last entry and see if it’s a new number—in other words, a  le I’ve not al- ready received. If it is, I type ‘SEND B:PH51,’ tell my own machine ‘RECV B:PH51,’ and sit back while the  le comes through.”78 Transmission took about a minute per page. He then used WordStar to open and read the  les, a practice that facilitated the production of the book Clarke and Hyams wrote together to document the correspondence. Very early on Clarke writes: “I’m one step ahead of you. I’m instantly Wordstarring and printing out our immortal prose. . . . Since you will also be accumulating printouts it can be continuously edited from your end and would be ready about the same time as the movie.”79The material accumulates rapidly as the correspondence progresses, the medium becoming second nature for both of them. Hyams: “I started out with a beautiful disk. It was so clean you could eat off it. Now . . . every day it is getting more and more cluttered with PH’s and ACC’s,” he wrote, referring to the naming convention they adopted for their respective  les.80 Clarke, meanwhile, notes that he cannot see the text as it is transmitting but wonders if it might be possible to print it in real-time: “There’s an Echo option I’ve not investigated.”81 There were, of course, glitches. Eventually, for example, one of Clarke’s  oppy disks  lls up: “Here’s something that may make your  esh creep,” he writes to Hyams after the fact. “When I tried to save this  le, for the  rst time I got the message FATAL ERROR—DIRECTORY FULL.”82 And one time Clarke’s Kaypro seemingly dies: “The 1 amp fuse at the back had blown, presumably through a voltage surge.”83 He replaces it and urges Hyams to install a surge protector of his own.It is impossible to read these mundane mentions of blown fuses and  n- icky diskettes without mentally juxtaposing them to the striking renditions of computers in both 2001 and 2010; there is HAL’s iconic red lamp, of
70 TRACK CHANGEScourse, but there are also the scenes of Dr. Chandra  oating weightless, deep within HAL’s crippled processor core, sliding crystalline shards of memory in and out of their sheaths in order to debug and reboot the cre- ation that is his life’s work. Clarke himself was suf ciently absorbed by the minutiae of the modem process that he wrote up detailed instructions for the use of the MITE program, which he published as an appendix to The Odyssey File. Readers of the book would thus not only enjoy the behind-the-scenes look at the  lm’s creation, they would receive the ben- e t of a detailed tutorial in the use of a piece of software they might own themselves. Alas, Clarke’s earnest and meticulous instructions were out of date by the time the book went to press: “Steven’s [his assistant] latest dis- patch informs me there is a new and much improved version of MITE waiting for me in Los Angeles. I hope it does not differ too greatly from the program in which I have invested so much blood, sweat, and tears.”84Clarke would subsequently claim that computers, particularly WordStar, had brought him back out of retirement by restoring pleasure to the act of writing. It “doubled” his production with a “quarter” of the effort.85 While there is undoubtedly something genuine to the sentiment, it shouldn’t be accepted at face value. As his biographer notes, Clarke had “retired” on other occasions before.86 Nonetheless, there is no mistaking the joy with which Clarke approached personal computing. Ray Bradbury narrates his friend’s excitement browsing in a computer shop on one of his trips to Los Angeles when the  lm version of 2010 opened.87 Clarke returned home to Sri Lanka with a newly minted Kaypro 2000, an early laptop design (weighing in at a comparatively svelte twelve pounds and looking more like something from the set of The Empire Strikes Back than Hyams’s movie, it was also the  rst Kaypro to run MS-DOS). Clarke in fact collected a number of dif- ferent machines, and was thereafter frequently photographed with a com- puter in the background. (Besides the Kaypro, photos show him seated with a Commodore Amiga and various Apple systems.) Later he became perma- nently con ned to a wheelchair as a result of post-polio syndrome. At the time, however, he had this to say: “If I’m eventually incapacitated I’ll get wired into a word processor—and then, Isaac, look out!”88When a writer of Andrei Codrescu’s caliber invokes an image like “writing with light on glass” and comments of his own Kaypro II that it “felt both godlike and ephemeral,” it is hard to perceive anything but
Around 1981 71a stark break between word processing and earlier technologies of in- scription.89 How can ink and the messy clatter of ribbon or typing ball, to say nothing of carbons and correction tape, possibly compete with the al- lure of a word processor? The glare would be too strong. The reality, how- ever, was often different, as the stories of the authors in this chapter show: Asimov making his grudging Yankee accommodation with the machine, or Clarke undertaking his meticulous documentation of his modem’s idiosyn- cratic protocols, or Tan or Straub acknowledging the appeal of the tech- nology even as they wrestle with its imperfections. Word processors may have saved writers work, but they also created new kinds of labor, whether it was sweating over manuals and tutorials, or taking on responsibility for aspects of the writing process previously left to others, or just trouble- shooting and experimenting. “With microcomputers,” wrote a columnist for Writer’s Digest in 1981, “you have to be a tinkerer as well as a writer.”90The experience of the enigmatic Manhattan-based author Harold Brodkey, who purchased a DECmate computer in late 1981 or 1982, offers a vivid contrast to Codrescu. The Digital Equipment Corporation, best known for its high-end mainframe and business computers, had introduced the “Mate” as its entry into the burgeoning personal computer market. Ini- tially, as Brodkey told PC Magazine, he was unimpressed,  nding that it en- couraged him to write hastily and sloppily.91 “Those little  ickers of  re are not prose,” he said of the characters on the screen.92 He returned to long- hand, but the investment was too great for the computer to sit unused. And his most important project was no farther along than it had been. Brodkey, who published his  ction in the New Yorker, was widely regarded as one of the most promising writers in America; the contract for his novel had  rst been signed in 1964, and many doubted that the book, then titled A Party of Animals, would ever appear. It was eventually published (at least in part) as The Runaway Soul in 1991. A visitor to his Upper West Side apartment during this period described the scene thus:Harold has raised expectations so high . . . that of course he had to intro- duce roadblocks in his path. He bought a computer. But this was still the era when a computer  lled a whole room, when only industry and spies owned them, when one had to master a whole new method of writing, of programming. Harold invited me to see the machines humming and buzzing in one room, which someone from IBM was teaching him, day after day, week after week, how to operate. The entire long, sprawling manuscript
72 TRACK CHANGESwould have to be transferred to the computer. Only then could it be prop-erly analyzed for content, repetitions, inner consistency, and  ow.93Computers had moved in, as Time said; but making space for them—making space in the creative process, to say nothing of cramped Manhattan apartments—was not always easy. By the time the Paris Review came calling in 1991, this same room was described as housing “a collection of computer equipment worthy of a bond-trading room.”94Brodkey died of complications from AIDS in 1996. Back in 1982, how- ever, at about the time Brodkey was  rst coming to grips with the DEC- mate, the journalist James Fallows wrote a column for the Atlantic entitled “Living with a Computer.” In his case the computer was an Optek Processor Technology SOL-20 that he had acquired in early 1979. Fallows takes nothing for granted as he details its operations: “When I sit down to write a letter or start the  rst draft of an article, I simply type on the keyboard and the words appear on the screen,” he relates to his readers.95 Fallows subsequently remarked on the extent to which programming and “tinkering” were part of the day-to-day experience of word processing at the time: “It was like in the era of the  rst cars,” he recalls. “If I hadn’t paid attention to how these things  t together I wouldn’t have been able to make it work.”96Such accounts serve to complicate simple distinctions between the kind of avant-garde techno-experimental writing often celebrated by academic critics, on the one hand, and conventional writing—mere word processing, dull and uninspired from a technical standpoint—on the other. Even for writers such as Fallows or Straub, who weren’t seeking to self-consciously generate avant-garde texts, the degree of hacking, improvisation, and problem solving the early systems required meant that the borderlines between innovation and convention, novelty and standard operating pro- cedure, were frequently blurred in practice. When Arthur C. Clarke and Peter Hyams zipped messages back and forth to one another halfway across the planet and through multiple time zones using temperamental modems that had to be nursed through power surges and other glitches, they were conscious of doing something altogether very new, regardless of the fact that the  nal form their texts took was a mass-market paperback (and a movie tie-in at that). Writing, as Brodkey’s visitor observed, now sometimes meant something like programming, the algorithmic manipulation and analysis of text. Certainly that wasn’t the experience of every author; but for some, text
Around 1981 73indeed became something more akin to code, to be broken down and built up again in heretofore unthinkable ways.Michael Chabon, meanwhile, had a much simpler problem. It was 1985, Chabon was twenty-two at the time, and he was at work on what would be- come his  rst novel, The Mysteries of Pittsburgh. His Osborne 1, which he had purchased three years earlier, had remained in  awless working order. “It never crashed, it never failed, and I loved it immoderately,” he says.97 The problem was, Chabon couldn’t reach the keys. (More about that in a moment.) The piece in which he provides these details was published in the New York Review of Books some twenty years later; there, the staid genre of the literary bildungsroman becomes laced with particulars of personal computer technology that furnish the framework for self-re ection. Near the climax of the essay, for example, Chabon narrates sliding a diskette into his “B” drive and then pausing: “Was this really the kind of writer I wanted to become?”98 It’s a neat set piece: initializing a disk marks the initiation of a writer’s career.But back to that problem: Chabon couldn’t reach the Osborne’s keys because the computer—all twenty- ve pounds of it—was balanced atop a chest-high workbench that was the sole furnishing in the basement room in Oakland, California which he had claimed for his writing. So, as Chabon tells it, he dragged a steamer trunk over to the workbench, placed a folding chair on top of the trunk, and then sat down. “I found that if I held very still, typed very chastely, and never, ever rocked back and forth, I would be  ne.”99Writing with light—from a folding chair balanced atop a steamer trunk in a dingy basement room. One could do worse for an image of the pre- carious perch many writers were to  nd themselves on as they sat down in front of their  rst word processor in or around 1981.
 FOURNORTH OF BOSTONIn a black-and-white photo of Stephen King in his Bangor, Maine, of ce taken in 1995, we see him in pro le in a swivel chair, feet propped on his desk, Corgi dog camped underneath. He has a legal pad on his lap and a pencil in his hand. One of the best-selling novelists in American history is in his element. In the background, just part of the clutter, is a computer. More precisely, it is a Wang System 5 word processor, complete with key- board and a built-in monochrome screen.1 The System 5 was marketed by Wang as a “standalone”—it was intended for the customer who was inter- ested in purchasing the company’s famous word processor rather than one of its complete of ce systems consisting of multiple workstations on what we would today call an intranet. It relied on a brace of 8-inch  oppy disk drives and was typically mated to a Diablo impact printer. Its molded en- closure was a study in space-age curves, straight out of The Jetsons.The picture is by the literary photojournalist Jill Krementz, and appears in a book of her author portraits called The Writer’s Desk (1996). The con- cept behind the book is a simple one: to capture writers at work, or more precisely in their workplace (all  fty- ve of the images that make up the book are interior shots, though one, the photo of William F. Buckley Jr., is in the backseat of a car). The book would have appealed to a certain type of buyer, the one who enjoys a glimpse into the secret, supposedly solitary habits of authors. (King himself has toyed with this kind of tradecraft—for example, in his novel Misery when the stricken novelist Paul Sheldon con- founds the terrifying Annie Wilkes with his deliberately obfuscating talk of “Webster pots.”) Much of what you see in Krementz’s photos is what you74
North of Boston 75would expect: if not Webster pots (which don’t really exist), then stacks of papers, books on shelves. Typewriters of course, old and new, manual and electric. There are pipes and cigarettes, and there are cats and dogs; in one or two cases there are children, though (interestingly) never spouses. There are rugs and lamps and wastebaskets. And then there are the desks. Some are improvised and impromptu, like Ross MacDonald’s lap desk; some are suitably grand, great reassuring slabs that no doubt serve to ground the writer, landing strips for high- ying thoughts; some are utilitarian and some are unmistakably unique, like Rita Dove’s Stehpult, a handmade German-style standing desk.Though the book is called The Writer’s Desk and indeed showcases the desks prominently, of course it isn’t really a collection of images about fur- niture, or even the spaces the furniture  lls: it’s about the authors them- selves, or more precisely it’s about the juxtaposition of the authors—their faces and bodies—with the physical settings they inhabit. Kevin Kopelson meditates on this same subject in Neatness Counts, noting that the desk is the “stabilizing center” of whatever room it occupies, both metonymy and synecdoche for its owner’s identity.2 On one level the impulse here is un- abashedly voyeuristic, as John Updike acknowledges in the introduction, losing no time in comparing what’s captured in these images to the “beds of notorious courtesans.”3 We cluck our tongue at the messiness, or else sigh with satisfaction as we contemplate the cozy study, all just as we might have imagined. Each image evokes its own counterpoint, a single frozen moment of unusually intimate access set against the backdrop of the writer’s pub- lished work and public reputation.Only ten of the writers in Krementz’s book are, like King, photographed with a computer visible anywhere in the frame. Amy Tan has moved on from her Kaypro II to a Mac PowerBook, possibly the same model Mona Simpson is photographed with. Veronica Chambers and Cathleen Schline also both have laptops. Roy Blount Jr. has an IBM-compatible with a great big mon- itor. Edwidge Danticat has a Macintosh desktop. John Updike leans over a terminal of seemingly indeterminate manufacture, though it too is a Wang product. John Ashbery works at a typewriter, but has a PC alongside. The computers are perhaps the most jarring of the workplace paraphernalia that pop up here and there in the photos, but like the phones and fax machines that are also occasionally visible, they are a reminder that writing is a busi- ness and industry as well as an art and a calling. The images containing com- puters are perhaps especially compelling because they expose the writer’s
76 TRACK CHANGESrelationship to such a quotidian commodity. So-and-so’s prodigious, hand- tooled desk is all her own, but look! Amy has the exact same computer I do. (So it was that in 2012, J. K. Rowling—often touted as refusing to use a computer—created a product boost by declaring that her MacBook Air had “changed her life.”)4 Paradoxically, perhaps, the juxtaposition of these well- known authors with mass-produced consumer electronics does as much to humanize them as the lines on their faces, the angle of their eyes.We see the author’s software less often than we see their computers. Half of the time the computer is shot obliquely or from behind. In several of the other photos, glare and lighting prohibit a look at what’s on the display. There may or may not be a trace of text visible on John Ashbery’s screen (this seems appropriate). Only two authors uninhibitedly reveal their displays: Russell Banks, who has a  le menu visible, and Roy Blount Jr., who appears, puck- ishly, to be watching a thumbnail-size video of Butch Cassidy and the Sun- dance Kid (1969)—the text accompanying his photo wants to know, “Why write, when you can watch a movie on your typewriter?”5 (Today it is not uncommon for writers to deliberately disconnect their computer from the Internet to avoid the seductions of Net ix and everything else.) As for the authors whose screens we can’t see, perhaps they’re just faking it, posing for the camera, the computer not even powered on—more so than the type- writers or legal pads it seems, the computers invite us to distrust the candor or spontaneity of the image. If the authors don’t show us their screens, what are they hiding? The desktop is clearly not the same as the desk: while the latter is the nominal subject of each image and the primary surrogate for the individual writer’s identity, the digital desktop is, with just a couple of exceptions, oblique or occluded—literally screened.In 1995 when Krementz’s photo of Stephen King was taken, his Wang word processor had been around for nearly  fteen years—ancient and ob- solete by any technological standard. How then to explain its ongoing pres- ence in what looks to be a relatively small and modest workspace? As we saw in Chapter 3, King bought it to write The Talisman with Peter Straub. But it quickly became integral to the work ow in his busy home of ce. Marsha DeFilippo, King’s longtime personal assistant who came to work for him in 1986, recalls that some of her  rst assignments consisted of using the Wang to key in the then-typewritten manuscripts of The Eyes of the Dragon and the Tommyknockers so they could be mailed to Viking on disk.6 But when the Krementz photo was taken, the venerable Wang would have been thoroughly outclassed by the PowerBooks and x86 PCs King’s col-
North of Boston 77leagues were then acquiring. (Wang Laboratories had in fact  led for bankruptcy three years earlier, a severe blow to the small industrial city of Lowell, Massachusetts, where the company was headquartered, some thirty miles north of Boston.) Supplies for the printer, not to mention the 8-inch disks, would have been increasingly hard to come by. Was King still using it, and if so why? Perhaps the Wang had become something like a talisman itself.King was quick to grasp the potential for adolescent humor in the partic- ular brand of word processor he had chosen; while working with Peter Straub, he recalls retiring to his study to “pound” on his “big Wang,” andthen, “I would call up Peter and say, ‘It’s ready.’ And then I would send him what I had pounded.”7 But there is also no question King was intrigued by what it would mean for his writing. In his introduction to his 1985 short story collection Skeleton Crew he writes about the effortless way in which words, sentences, even whole paragraphs could be blipped in and out of existence:In particular I was fascinated with the INSERT and DELETE buttons, which make cross-outs and carets almost obsolete. . . . I thought, “Wouldn’t it be funny if this guy wrote a sentence, and then, when he pushed DELETE, the subject of the sentence was deleted from the world?” Anyway, I started . . . not exactly making up a story so much as seeing pictures in my head. I was watching this guy . . . delete pictures hanging on the wall, and chairs in the living room, and New York City, and the concept of war. Then I thought of having him insert things and having those things just pop into the world. Then I thought, “So give him a wife that’s bad to the bone—he can delete her, maybe—and someone else who’s good to maybe insert.”8Writers are used to playing god, but now the metaphor was literalized. Char- acters lived or died at the touch of a button. Whole worlds could be born (or obliterated) with a few volts of electrical energy. These ideas became the basis for a short story he wrote soon after acquiring the Wang. Titled simply “The Word Processor” when it was  rst published in Playboy in 1983, it was reprinted as “Word Processor of the Gods” in the Skeleton Crew collection as well as adapted for the television series Tales from the Darkside in 1984.9 Likely the  rst extended  ctional treatment of word processing by a prominent English-language author written in a realist manner, it is worth examining more closely.10
78 TRACK CHANGESThe basic premise follows from King’s musings above. Richard Hagstrom is a schoolteacher and writer, none too successful (his  rst novel was a  op), but he keeps at it, gamely plugging away in a converted shed behind the house. He is estranged from his indolent and unattractive wife, Lina, who, when not playing bingo or binging on sweets, mocks his literary pretensions; their one child, Seth, is a dull and apathetic teenager and similarly estranged from his father, able to tolerate only the company of the fellow miscreants in his punk rock band. But we soon learn that Richard’s life could have turned out very differently. His high school sweetheart (Belinda) ended up marrying his bully of an older brother (Roger) because Richard retreated from a confrontation with him; but that couple’s son—Jon—is (improbably) a sensitive and precocious teenage whiz kid, in short everything Richard longs for in an offspring and that Seth is not. When the story opens, Be- linda and Jon and the loutish Roger have all just died in a van wreck with a drunken Roger behind the wheel.Jon, however, has left behind an unlikely birthday gift for his Uncle Richard: “At  rst glance it looked like a Wang word processor—it had a Wang keyboard and a Wang casing.”11 Jon has built a Frankenstein machine hacked together with (upon second glance) parts from not only Wang but also IBM and Radio Shack, as well as a Western Electric telephone, an erector set, and a Lionel electric train transformer. Richard has coveted a word processor for years: “I could write faster, rewrite faster, and submit more” (312). Of course simply buying one would have been out of the ques- tion: “The Radio Shack model starts at around three grand. From there you can work yourself up into the eighteen thousand-dollar range,” Richard ob- serves (312). Jon’s creation is heavy and ungainly and ugly, but Richard sets it up in his study anyway, symbolically displacing his electric typewriter, which gets relegated to the top of a  le cabinet. When he turns the word processor on, it displays a message: HAPPY BIRTHDAY, UNCLE RICHARD! JON, the green-tinged words “swimming up” out of the darkness of the heretofore empty screen (311). Richard, understandably, is shaken: “Christ,” he whispers, and almost shuts it off. But he doesn’t. (Of course he doesn’t.)While the story that follows reads as little more than stock Twilight Zone fare (and is in fact reminiscent of an episode from the show, as we will see in Chapter 7), it nonetheless manages to capture much that is worthy of our attention about the newness of the electronic word, its exaggerated detail offering us a time capsule of how the technology was received and perceived very close to when it  rst entered public consciousness. We have seen that
North of Boston 79the word processor introduced a new intermediary element—a literal screen—between the writer’s  ngertips and the printed page. This screen— cool, opaque—signi ed ultimate possibility, a kind of heterotopia, the set- ting and stage on which the computer could  aunt its otherworldly powers, and an irrefutable reminder—always right there, squarely before our eyes— of the computer’s alien otherness. A screen placed language in suspended animation. On a screen, words could be deleted and inserted, searched and replaced, eventually formatted, even illuminated, like the medieval rubri- cations of old. (“They took one look at the screen and saw the magic we could do with words,” a Wang salesman is said to have commented.)12 Language became pliable, malleable—in a word, writing became processed.Writing became processed, but it also became executable. This is the command that  rst seizes the attention of Richard Hagstrom as he studies the machine: EXECUTE. On the Wang, the key was double-size. “It wasn’t a word he associated with writing; it was a word he associated with gas cham- bers and electric chairs . . . and, perhaps, with dusty old vans plunging off the sides of roads” (313). In fact, however, the specter of “execution” has been associated with writing since the Bible: “The letter killeth, the spirit giveth life.”13 What explains such a formulation? Part of it, of course, is the Logos, the presence of the divine word in Christian theology. But unlike a person in conversation, a word on a page is silent and unyielding, im- mutable and impassive. As Walter J. Ong has noted, “The spoken word is always an event, a movement in time, completely lacking in the thing-like repose of the written or printed word.”14 Speech is associated with presence and life, writing (and books) with absence and death. (“In yon dark tomb by jealous clasps con ned,” as Oliver Wendell Holmes once put it.)15 The appreciation of the spoken word as an event—Ong points out that in Hebrew the same word is used for both—is crucial for grasping the import of EXECUTE, for it means that writing is taking on the characteristics of oral performance. Indeed, Ong describes digital communication as a “secondary orality,” aiming to capture with this term something of the contradictions of a script that is both written but also not-written, seemingly endlessly mu- table and changeable. Computers thus make the written word actionable. EXECUTE was the juice, the lightning, the scroll in the forehead of the golem (to invoke the old Jewish legend). The digital word was not only a com- modity to be milled and processed in some vague industrial sense, but also a conveyance laden and latent with potential energy; functional, program- mable, a kinetic happening that could be unleashed with a keystroke or
80 TRACK CHANGEScommand. Little wonder that the parable of the sorcerer’s apprentice is often conjured in discussions of computing: When the machine executes, it does our bidding (or so we hope), sometimes irreversibly (or so we fear). This is Richard (and surely King himself) coming to terms with the eventu- ality of electronic writing.MY BROTHER WAS A WORTHLESS DRUNK, Richard types, and presses EXECUTE; the words appear on the screen. Richard is impressed: “Whether it would store information in the CPU still remained to be seen, but Jon’s mating of a Wang board to an IBM screen had actually worked” (314). (In fact, no such keystroke was necessary to transpose input text to screen when using an actual Wang, further suggesting the extent to which King was struck by the concept of “executing” in his imagination.) Gazing at the text hovering on the screen in front of him, Richard associates the word processor with another oracular relic, this one the source of a painful childhood memory—his Magic Eight-Ball toy, smashed to pieces by his mis- creant brother, Roger: “It wasn’t nothing but a cheap, shitty toy anyway, Richie. Lookit there, nothing in it but a bunch of little signs and a lot of water” (314). On one level, this association calls to mind the proverbial black box, the technology that “just works”—we don’t know how, we don’t know what’s inside, we don’t need to know. But unlike the Eight-Ball, hermeti- cally sealed until that traumatic moment, Jon’s word processor messily exposes its innards, displaying the cannibalized bits and pieces of its com- ponents from the get-go. Indeed, the casing is literally cracked open: “not gently, either; it looked to [Richard] like the job had been done with a hacksaw blade” (307). Yet Richard, of course, knows nothing about the thing’s actual operation despite his eyeballing of the components. For most users, a word processor would have seemed very much like a Magic Eight-Ball, a black box (or orb), whose proclamations were delivered up— swimming up out of darkness on an empty screen—with a rough shake and anxious peering.Idly, Richard types a sentence describing the photograph of his wife that hangs (watchfully) on his studio wall, then rejects it and hits the DELETE key. Suddenly her picture disappears from the wall along with the words on the screen. All material traces of its presence have been effaced, undone, smoothed over, as if they never were. The hook the picture hung on is gone, and the wall where the hook would have been screwed in is clean and unblemished. Here is what, as we have seen, struck so many early adopters as one of the essential differences between word processing and their pre-
North of Boston 81vious writing implements. The eraser on the pencil leaves its shavings, ink leaves stains, the white-out brush deposits its rough  lm; a manuscript page always bore the scars that had been in icted on it in the course of the rough surgery of revision. But words on the screen vanished instantly, utterly, if indeed they had ever really been there at all. Like some modern-day self- healing superplastic, the surface simply sealing itself over an incision, or else like water (perhaps inside a Magic Eight-Ball), momentarily disturbed, now smooth and placid once again.Thus begins the process by which Richard begins to deliberately and self- consciously copy edit and revise his own life. There is a catch, however: just as the genie grants only three wishes, the word processor has a built-in constraint. Its jury-rigged parts and transformers begin to burn themselves out, cooking up faster and faster each time Richard switches the thing on. Soon the ominous word OVERLOAD begins to  ash on the screen. So after a few tentative forays (deleting and inserting the picture, giving himself a bag of gold) Richard gets down to business. MY SON IS SETH ROBERT HAGSTROM, he types. Then presses DELETE. Awful! Has Richard just murdered his own son? In one sense he has—pressing the fateful key seeming little different from pulling a trigger. But there is a difference, King wants to suggest; the strange new technology of the word processor offers a moral escape hatch. Murder, you see, leaves a body, evidence—a smoking gun. But like his wife’s picture disappearing without any material trace that it had ever existed, Seth is simply removed from the world. His shoes are not piled up in the hall in the house (Richard checks), and the basement rec room is not a slovenly rehearsal space for his punk band. He can’t be murdered because he never was. In short order, Richard proceeds to INSERT Jon, DELETE Lina, and then INSERT Belinda.“How could a machine do such a thing?” (317), Richard wonders. How indeed? When the word processor  nally burns itself out from OVERLOAD, Richard turns around to  nd Jon peering over his shoulder at the smoldering remains. The two converse with an easy rapport, as though they have been father and son always. And in a real sense they have, since Seth and Lina are not no-more but instead never really were. How could a machine do such a thing? It could because King has grasped something essential about the ontology of writing on the screen, something expressed more fully just a few years later when Michael Heim wrote about word processing. As we have seen, Heim notes that the transition from writing on paper to writing on the screen is not merely one of material substrate, but involves the
82 TRACK CHANGESrede nition of writing from inscription to the abstract realm of algorithmic symbol manipulation.16 Unlike the messy physical word of diacritics and erasures, the “cross-outs and carats” King mentioned in his Skeleton Crew introduction, symbols are abstractions. They are always either there or not there, and they are never ambiguous. For most users, there are no messy remainders with symbols, no smoldering wires or fragments of the Eight- Ball, no eraser shavings, no palimpsest of text still faintly visible underneath the revision. Seth and Lina and the other elements of Richard’s life can be blipped in and out of existence because Jon’s creation somehow confers the magic, godlike power to treat them as symbols, temporarily elevating Richard’s life to an empyrean away from the messy material world of history and lived experience.One  nal plot detail serves to dramatize this effect: Richard, having INSERTED Belinda and Jon back into his life with the machine just seconds away from its terminal OVERLOAD, has time to “execute” perhaps one last instruction. What will that instruction be? That the word processor has been completely debugged and will work  awlessly forever? That he becomes a brilliant and renowned novelist? Or maybe only long life and happiness with his new family? But he types nothing. “His  ngers hovered over the keys as he felt—literally felt—all the circuits in his brain jam up like cars grid-locked into the worst Manhattan traf c jam in the history of internal combustion” (324). Richard, in short, is suffering from information OVERLOAD just like the machine with which he is now so closely identi ed. Electronic, industrial, and neurological descriptors collide with one another in this short passage. Having manipulated the most basic living symbols available to him, the nu- clear family unit, he is paralyzed with the possibilities of anything else. He stops. He freezes. He cannot process. And the circuits burn out for good.The writer’s revenge is an old story, despite the newfangled technology at the center of this one. And it’s not so much  ction that we have here as a Romance, in the original sense in which Nathaniel Hawthorne meant it (“somewhere between the real world and fairy-land, where the Actual and Imaginary may meet, and each imbue itself with the nature of the other”).17 Everything is perfect at the end of King’s tale, right down to the aroma of cocoa that comes wafting in from the house on the crisp night air. As D. H. Lawrence put it, there are never any muddy boots in a Romance.18 No muddy boots here either (Seth’s “ratty tennis shoes” in King’s text), and no trou- bling reminders and remainders—except one. As Richard turns to leave the shed with Jon, he takes one last look at the scorched components of the word
North of Boston 83processor: “Delete it,” Richard commands in the  nal line of the story (325), thereby consigning the word processor itself, the last mute material re- mainder of his revisions, to the scrap heap.Today Krementz’s photograph of King is most widely seen on the cover of his non ction treatise, On Writing (2000), which he completed while recovering from near-fatal injuries after being struck by (as it happens) a van on a roadside in rural Maine. In that book he recalls the physical agony of his  rst session sitting upright in front of his word processor trying to write during a long convalescence. (King reverted to longhand for his next novel, Dreamcatcher [2001], as a result: “This book was written with the world’s  nest word processor, a Waterman cartridge fountain pen,” he tells us in the afterword.)19 In On Writing he offers a response of sorts to Krementz’s focus on writers’ desks, describing his own relatively modest one, which he keeps pushed into a corner as a reminder about perspective. “Life isn’t a support system for art,” he says. “It’s the other way around.”20Meanwhile, on Stephen King’s of cial website, visitors can explore an animated rendition of King’s “of ce,” a virtual quasi-three-dimensional walk-through replete with memorabilia from his career.21 One navigates by—awkwardly—using a kind of faux control panel displayed at the bottom of the browser. Eventually we  nd our way into a re-creation of King’s study, and there on the desk (which is not in a corner) sits a computer clearly branded as an Apple with Microsoft Word open on the screen.We can move in closer: the document on the screen is labeled “Letter from Stephen regarding Under the Dome and The Cannibals.” We can read the text. It appears at  rst that King is merely rehearsing the composition history behind his novel Under the Dome (2009), which began life in the late 1970s as a manuscript of the same title (now lost), was then resuscitated as a manuscript (typescript, actually) called The Cannibals (aborted and also lost), before King  nally returned to and completed the thousand-page novel many years later. But the typescript for The Cannibals was not lost after all, as we learn from reading the “letter”: “So, for your amusement, and as an appetizer to Under the Dome, here are the  rst sixty pages or so of The Cannibals, reproduced, warts and all, from the original manuscript which was dredged up by Ms. Mod [Marsha DeFilippo] from a locked cabinet in a back room of my of ce. I’m amused by the antique quality of the type- script; this may have been the last thing I did on my old IBM Selectric
84 TRACK CHANGESbefore moving on to a computer system.”22 King was working on The Cannibals while  lming Creepshow in Pittsburgh with George Romero in 1982, so the timing here accords with his acquiring the Wang in prepa- ration for writing The Talisman with Straub. But the manuscript isn’t being presented solely for our amusement or as a teaser for the forthcoming book; reading the text of the letter to the end, we learn that there had been sug- gestions on the Internet that King had lifted the idea of a whole town cov- ered over by a mysterious dome from the 2007 Simpsons Movie, which features just such a plotline. King posted the  rst sixty pages of The Can- nibals in September 2009, and another sixty pages a month or so later, thereby clearly establishing the originality of his main idea. He thus uses a virtual surrogate of his of ce computer as the Potemkin platform for a digital facsimile of a typewritten manuscript, its “warts” (cross-outs and carats, the very stuff vanquished by the word processer) serving as seem- ingly irrefutable evidence of its pre-digital provenance, some two-and-a-half decades before the Simpsons Movie.Stephen King has always been interested in exploring new writing tools and new platforms, manifesting a consistent interest in e-books and Internet distribution, for example. He has authored several works available originally only or still exclusively in digital form, including “Riding the Bullet” (2000), an as-yet un nished epistolary novel called The Plant (2000), and “UR” (2009), which does for the Amazon Kindle what “Word Processor of the Gods” did for the Wang. Today King favors Apple computers, laptops mostly, and Microsoft Word, and sometimes a program called Final Draft for screen- plays. This is the stock response he gives when a question about technology comes up, as it occasionally does with interviewers or fans. The answer dis- appoints some: “I envisioned him using something a little more high-end, maybe some specialty software that’s out there,” says one fan online.23Yet King has also always consistently demysti ed the act of writing; this, more than anything, is the message he seeks to bring home in On Writing, which he subtitles A Memoir of the Craft. Like many professional authors, he works according to a strict schedule, seating himself at his desk (in the corner) every morning and not leaving until he has met his daily quota. “One word at a time,” is his preferred explanation for how he does it. Word processing  t comfortably with this routine, smoothing the rough edges of revision, keeping drafts organized, allowing him to lay down word after word, page after page, chapter after chapter, the 8-inch disks of the Wang dutifully consuming and storing it all, the occasional soft churning sounds
North of Boston 85of the drive—presumably inaudible over the loud rock music King favors while working—serving to mark the progress.For a writer as consistently thoughtful about his tools as King, it is not surprising that a great deal of what is in “Word Processor of the Gods” an- ticipates the more deliberate and sustained considerations of the digital word by Heim and a host of later critics struggling to come to grips with the transition from page to pixels. Above all, we should recognize the story’s awareness of the strange new ontology of word processing, the way it lifted written language into a symbolic, procedurally actionable realm, coupled with the inscrutable opacity of the physical apparatus working the magic. Like a Klein bottle, King’s word processor, visible in an angle never cap- tured by Krementz, is re ected in the convex (curved like the Eight-Ball) mirror of the Wang’s monochrome screen by the story he  rst wrote there.It was in a spirit of novelty similar to King’s when he wrote “The Word Processor” that on or about March 13, 1983, John Updike sat down in front of the Wangwriter II just installed in one of the upstairs writing rooms of his home in Beverly Farms, Massachusetts, and did something rather unusual.24 Instead of reaching for a pencil, as was his habit with poetry, he composed the  rst version of the lines that would eventually be published as follows directly on the softly glowing (yet somehow insistent) screen newly emplaced in front of him:INVALID.KEYSTROKE Wee.word.processor,.is.it.not De.trop.of.you.to.put.a.dot Between.the.words.your.nimble.screen Displays.in.phosphorescent.green?Your.cursor—tiny.blinking.sun— Stands.ready.to.erase.or.run At.my.COMMAND.to.EXECUTE Or.CANCEL:.which? The.choice.is.moot,So. ummoxed.are.my.circuits,.met This.way.by.your.adroiter.set. I.cannot.think.Your.wizardry Has.by.some.ERROR.cancelled.me.25
86 TRACK CHANGESJudged against Updike’s oeuvre, “INVALID.KEYSTROKE” is a slight ef- fort, but the year he composed it (1983) is the year Adam Begley, Updike’s biographer, identi es as the pinnacle of the author’s literary career.26 By then Updike had published the third of his Rabbit books, Rabbit Is Rich (1981), which had garnered in quick succession the National Book Critics Circle Award, the National Book Award, and the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction; his short stories, essays, reviews, and poems were a mainstay of the New Yorker and other magazines, and he was fast at work on The Witches of Eastwick, which was to become perhaps his best-known novel with its 1987  lm ad- aptation. There could be no other candidate to play the role of a paternal dean of American letters: Tom Wolfe, with whom Updike suffered an on- going feud, had not yet produced any  ction; Pynchon and DeLillo lacked Updike’s broad public platform and appeal; David Foster Wallace was just then writing the senior thesis at Amherst that would become his  rst novel. One could, in fact, do worse than to name Stephen King as Updike’s greatest rival for the attention and affection of the American reading public.With regard to adopting word processing, however, Updike was neither a trendsetter nor a holdout. He was instead what he so rarely was otherwise: merely typical. Just two years previously he had been quoted in Time mag- azine saying, “I am not persuaded that the expense and time it takes to learn the machine would be worth it. I’ll stick to my manual, as I have for 20 years.”27 Nonetheless, 1983 was a year of transitions (he and his second wife, Martha, having just moved to Beverly Farms), so perhaps the time seemed right.28 He told Roger Angell, his editor at the New Yorker, that it would surely change his writing but he didn’t know how.29As the lines of the poem suggest, Updike, like King, is initially struck by the sense of mastery he possesses,  ngers hovering over the keys, the ma- chine willing and waiting to unleash its awesome, unfathomable powers in response to his every whim. Yet, like Richard Hagstrom, he  nds himself paralyzed by its seemingly limitless possibility—or else humbled by his own human foibles in the face of such electronic wizardry. Indeed, Updike would never fully get over this feeling; a decade later, in an essay entitled “Updike and I,” he wrote of “John,” who, sitting down in front of the “blank-faced word processor,” wonders if his alter-ego will desert him: “Suppose, some day, he [“Updike”] fails to show up?”30 Yet he would also speak of the Wang as “dazzling” and attest to having “mystical experiences” with it.31 A “deli- cate opacity,” like “a very  nespun veil” was the very essence of the ma- chine.32 Even so, Updike was attentive to the material particulars of the
North of Boston 87hardware in the composition of the poem: EXECUTE and CANCEL were both actual keys on the Wang keyboard; and the monitor indeed displayed its text in green (this is technically known as P1 phosphor, and was extremely common; amber and white were also used for monochrome displays).Displaying a dot between words was likewise a feature of the Wang and some other early word processing systems, but it is of course a much older convention. It is properly known as an interpunct, and Paul Saenger has demonstrated that it was commonplace in the ancient world prior to the in- troduction of vowels into the Phoenician alphabet.33 Nicholson Baker (who himself used a Wang word processor as an of ce temp) also makes the con- nection to scriptura continua, telling us speci cally that the convention was thus revived by the new technology.34 But there is also a typographic sub- tlety we must take note of: In the poem as printed, and indeed in the type- scripts at the Houghton as well, those oh so de trop dots do not  oat midway between the top and the bottom of the line as they originally did when dis- played in phosphorescent green upon Mr. Updike’s nimble screen. Rather, they are printed at the bottom of the line, as ordinary periods. The center dot would have been present on Updike’s display as a formatting code, much like tab symbols, hard returns, and other such marks; but these were never actually output to the printer, and there was no easy or obvious way to do it, certainly not for a novice user. What we see, then, is Updike substituting an approximation of a special formatting code with an ordinary punctua- tion mark, a gesture that speaks at once to his sensitivity toward the unique characteristics of the medium he is working in as well as the limits of his personal know-how.Updike played with the text of his tetrameter apostrophe, doubtless ed- iting on the screen but also printing at least  ve hard copies and anno- tating one of them (it appears to be the  rst) heavily by hand. At one point, for example, he also had this:The.mind.is.just.a.set.of.sparks Composed.inscrutably.of.quarks And.so.are.you,.you.dazzling.thing. I.touch.S.I.N.G;.you.sing!35Besides the comparison between human mind and electronic brain (a theme to which he would return in subsequent  ction) we see evidence of further indulgence in the typographic effects that mark the poem, the act of typing “S I N G” and the machine’s soaring execution of his desires thus
88 TRACK CHANGESalphabetically made to coincide. But ultimately Updike exercised the DELETE key, and discarded that additional stanza. Off the  nished poem then went to the New Yorker, where it was rejected in short order; the letter, signed by Howard Moss and dated March 24, reads in part, “Though God knows this is timely, something kept us from taking it—I’m not sure what.”36 Referring to the digital provenance evoked by the dots between each word, Moss notes “the idea of the poem and the way its done being one, maybe it’s that after the  rst few lines, you’ve got it.”37 The piece was instead placed in an annual of light verse edited by Robert Wallace.Updike’s relationship to the screen would remain ambivalent. “Upright on a green screen the words look quite different from the way they do  at on a piece of paper,” he told PC Magazine in 1984. “The Gutenbergian ethos will be sorely missed, at least by me.”38 Indeed, he acquired a reputation for being something of a Luddite, as cemented by his 2006 exhortation to American booksellers to “defend your lonely forts,” those few remaining outposts of gravitas and contemplation amid the “anthills” of electronic media.39 Nevertheless, over the course of his career Updike would produce his share of writing about computers and digital technology. There is Roger’s Version (1986), a novel that explores the nature of computation through the device of a theologian’s search for an algorithmic equation for god. On the strength of that book he received an invitation to keynote an MIT computer science conference two years later, which resulted in an essay, “A Writer’s View of the Computer Laboratory.” His 2004 novel Villages features a protagonist who develops “DigitEyes,” a digital drawing tool. And besides “INVALID.KEYSTROKE” he has also written the poems “Death of a Computer” (2004, published 2009; unlike “INVALID,” it was initially composed longhand), and “Birthday Shopping” (2007), about browsing a big-box retailer for a new computer to buy. Meanwhile, in 1997, when such exercises were still very much a novelty, he participated in a writing experiment for Amazon.com in which he supplied the beginning and ending of a short story completed—via the Internet—by others in the middle. The stunt was widely covered in the media, and Updike wrote about it himself for the New Yorker.40As for “INVALID.KEYSTROKE,” it was not reprinted in any of Updike’s poetry volumes, nor to the best of my knowledge anywhere else. I myself  rst encountered it in typescript in the reading room of the Houghton Li- brary. Yet the story of its composition turned out to be memorable enough for Updike to use it to introduce a 1991 gathering of essays he titled Odd Jobs, where he also notes that the word processor had made the prospect of
North of Boston 89taking on such occasional pieces—the odd jobs of the collection’s title—all the more seductive. It is there that Updike also tells us that he composed this poem “to” his word processor “on” his word processor.41In many respects Updike and Stephen King are both typical of authors writing about their experiences using their  rst computer or word processor. Such pieces constitute almost their own genre. “STILL VERY MUCH LEARNING TO THINK ON THIS MACHINE,” Russell Banks writes in all caps at the beginning of a document that is a kind of stream-of- consciousness exploration of his word processor’s capabilities. “STRANGE EXPERIENCE, UNFAMILIAR MIXTURE OF SPEED AND SLOW- DOWN.”42 Terrence McNally, from a  le dated June 10, 1988, named NEWLIGHT: “This is the 22nd line. After I  nish it and two more, the screen should begin to move upwards and I will only be seeing the last 25 lines.”43 In Foucault’s Pendulum (1989), Umberto Eco begins his plot with an electronic  le found on the word processor of one of his protagonists. The machine is kabbalistically named Abula a (“Abu”), and Eco treats us to several exuberant pages of what is clearly his own authentic celebration of the technology: “If you’ve written a novel with a Confederate hero named Rhett Butler and a  ckle girl named Scarlett and then change your mind, all you have to do is punch a key and Abu will global replace the Rhett But- lers to Prince Andreis, the Scarletts to Natashas, Atlanta to Moscow and lo! you’ve written war and peace.”44 And later:There, indiscreet reader: you will never know it, but that half-line hanging in space was actually the beginning of a long sentence that I wrote but then wished I hadn’t, wished I hadn’t even thought let alone written it, wished that it had never happened. So I pressed a key, and a milky  lm spread over the fatal and inopportune lines, and I pressed DELETE and, whoosh, all gone.But that’s not all. The problem with suicide is that sometimes you jump out the window and then change your mind between the eighth  oor and the seventh. “Oh, if only I could go back!” Sorry, you can’t, too bad. Splat. Abu, on the other hand, is merciful, and grants you the right to change your mind: you can recover your deleted text by pressing RETRIEVE. What a relief! Once I know that I can remember whenever I like, I forget.45The similarity to King’s remarks in the introduction to Skeleton Crew is striking, and testi es to a commonality of the experience by writers who otherwise are very different.In one passage from an essay written later in his life, Updike character- izes his word processor (“a term,” he quips, “that describes me as well”) as
90 TRACK CHANGESthe last in a succession of writing instruments that originated with crayons and colored pencils.46 But it would be a mistake to interpret this genealogy of machines as merely progressive; instead, they coexisted, literally side by side in his of ce, with different tasks associated with each. He described the scene for Jill Krementz in her book:An oak desk bought at Furniture in Parts in Boston twenty years ago is, along with a metal typing table and an old manual Olivetti, where I answer letters and talk on the phone. An olive-drab steel desk, a piece of retired Army equipment bought over thirty years ago in Ipswich, is where I write by hand, when the fragility of the project—a poem, the start of a novel—demands that I sneak up on it with that humblest and quietest of weapons, a pencil. . . . The third desk, veneered in white Formica, holds the word processor where everything gets typed up and where many items . . . are composed.47These details orient us toward what is in fact a very complex writing envi- ronment, with texts originating in various media and migrating back and forth between them in the course of their revision—longhand and type- script, hard copy and disk. (We catch a glimpse of these habits in Updike’s 2004 poem “Death of a Computer,” which describes his retaining an ailing machine that could still read his older disks, and that then “turned them into  nal printed versions, / dark marks on paper safer than electrons.”) Moreover, the casual references to answering letters at the typewriter and to the word processor as the place where “everything gets typed up” speak to a blurring of boundaries between the author as a composer of texts and the author as a compositor of them. (Before long we would call this desktop publishing.) That contention is reinforced by what the innumerable proofs, galleys, and other papers at the Houghton tell us about Updike’s relation- ship to his editors and proofreaders and the compositors who ultimately typeset his work professionally. He took an active interest in all of these matters, and was sensitive to the impact the word processor would have on what Adam Begley describes as his “literary production line.”48 In a May 1983 correspondence to one editor, he notes: “The trouble with a word pro- cessor is I haven’t  gured out a way to put the page numbers in the mar- gins. . . . I hope the checkers will still  nd my manuscript useful.”49Updike was to continue writing for another two and a half decades, until his death in 2009. The Wangwriter stayed with him for over a decade before he made the transition to an IBM-compatible computer and a word processing package called Lotus Ami Pro. Eventually he moved on to
North of Boston 91Microsoft Word. In 2010 Updike’s Olivetti 65c electric typewriter, which he had passed on to his daughter sometime in the mid-1990s, was auc- tioned at Christies.50 It was purchased by the collector Steve Soboroff, complete with an intact but jammed ribbon that dates from early 1983, as its various textual remainders, such as an introduction Updike was then writing to a collection of Kafka’s short stories, testify. Included on it are also these three snippets:“This ms. may be the last messy one you get I’ve bought a word processor and we’re slowly coming to an understanding. It’s quick as the devil, but has very little imagination, and no smalltalk.” That was addressed “to Roger” (Angell, his editor at the New Yorker) and dated March 12—only a day prior to the date marked on the typescript of “INVALID.KEYSTROKE.”Next: “I’m having a mechanical crisis; this is an electric typewriter, I have a manual, and also a word processor, and in going back and forth between them I keep hitting wrong keys, mostly the return button here which sends the carriage  ying. Back to goose quill perhaps.” That one was to “Susan,” April 19.And  nally, addressed to his typist, on May 23, 1983: “Why don’t you charge me $1.25 per page? I have a word processor now and won’t be needing too much more typing.” And that is the last thing there is to read on the ribbon.51
 FIVESIGNPOSTSIn introducing his 1981 articles for Popular Computing, Isaac Asimov was at pains to emphasize his status as a word processing novice despite his stature as a renowned scientist and author: “When someone asks me if I work with computers myself, I shudder and say, ‘I am a signpost, sir. I point the way. I don’t go there.’ ”1And yet he did go there, and in relatively short order, too—becoming not only a signpost but also something of a sandwich board through his participation in a subsequent advertising campaign for Radio Shack.2 As a group, science  ction (SF) authors accounted for more early converts to word processing than any other community or constituency within the literary  eld. In my estimation, SF authors were ahead of the popular adoption curve by three to four years; the community’s most vocal propo- nents for the technology were active from roughly 1978 onward as opposed to from around 1981. Asimov, in other words, followed behind many in his cohort—as he himself acknowledged, claiming in that same year that “al- most every writer of my acquaintance is using a word-processor, or is get- ting one, while I cling (more or less in terror) to my electric typewriter.”3 While a matter of three or four years may seem trivial, the landscape for personal computing was changing rapidly in that same time period. From the tactile feel of keyboards, the size of display screens, and the reliability of disk storage to the availability and capabilities of software, a writer working in 1978 or 1979 would likely have had a very different experience with word processing than a writer  rst coming to the technology even just a few years later, as Asimov did.92
Sig n p o s ts 9 3Why did science  ction—collectively—get to word processing  rst? There was the obvious reason: Nothing may be more natural to us now, but thirty or forty years ago, pressing a key on a keyboard and watching the corre- sponding letter, number, or symbol wink into existence on a glowing glass screen must have seemed like something out of a space opera. David Ger- rold, author of well-regarded science  ction novels like When HARLIE Was One (1972) but perhaps best known as the writer of the classic Star Trek episode “The Trouble with Tribbles,” had, as early as 1973, augmented his standard IBM Selectric with a $4,000 cassette-driven memory system called a Savin 900; by 1978 he had traded up to a North Star Horizon II, yet an- other early Z-80-based microcomputer; after that he moved on to a Kaypro. Gerrold was a frequent commentator on word processing in the press, and believed science  ction authors were predisposed to become early adopters: “I’m convinced that there is a speci c connection here,” he wrote in 1981. “These are the people who’ve been living with the idea of home computers ever since Asimov wrote his  rst robot story.”4Perhaps. But the computers that populated science  ction until well into the 1970s typically involved physically massive machines that were also sentient (and often poorly disposed toward their human creators). Asimov himself recognized how much he had failed to foresee, starting with minia- turization: in the 1950s, extrapolating from such vacuum-tubed behemoths as the UNIVAC, he had gone even bigger, giving us the MULTIVAC, “half a mile long and three stories high.”5 The epitome of this trend was Arthur C. Clarke’s HAL 9000 in 2001: A Space Odyssey (1968), but there are nu- merous other exemplars. “I, BEM,” a 1964 short story by Walt and Leigh Richmond, features a sentient computer that begins life as an IBM type- writer; from these humble beginnings computers and robots take over the Earth, but by the end of the story they  nd themselves in danger of being replaced by the “biologicals” they have engineered to serve them.6 Colossus (1966), by Dennis Feltham Jones, posits a pair of opposing Cold War super- computers that become self-aware and threaten to destroy the world. In 1967 (still a year before Clarke and Kubrick’s 2001), Harlan Ellison pub- lished a short story called “I Have No Mouth and I Must Scream.” The story is interspersed with messages resembling punched paper tape from “AM,” the megalomaniac supercomputer that sadistically persecutes the  ve re- maining human denizens of its postapocalyptic world (the computer’s name has various meanings in the story, the most fundamental of which—it re- mains unspoken if its messages are not translated—is that of the cogito, “I
94 TRACK CHANGESthink, therefore I am”). The communiques, which Ellison called “talk elds,” are encoded in ITA2, the International Telegraph Alphabet No. 2, derived from Baudot Code and a precursor to the computer lingua franca of ASCII. The talk elds are thus likely the  rst attempt to represent computer speech in a work of  ction in a technologically realistic manner. However, the talk-  elds also posed a challenge to typesetters, and Ellison has stated they were not printed without being “garbled or inverted or mirror-imaged” until the story’s inclusion in a collection in 1991.7 Meanwhile Barbara Paul offered readers a benign alternative to HAL and AM in her short story “Answer ‘Af rmative’ or ‘Negative,’ ” published in Analog magazine in 1972; it posited a supercomputer containing “the sum total of man’s knowledge” called the WOMAC. When queried with some especially dif cult problem, WOMAC would sometimes—frustratingly and inexplicably—return a line or two of poetry instead of one of the story’s titular absolutes. Eventually the oper- ator in charge of the machine  nds out why, and considers reprogramming it to correct this behavior—but then has second thoughts: “The whole world depends on WOMAC. I think I might just wait and see what happens when the whole world has to learn poetry. Yessir, I might just do that.”8Arti cial intelligence and giant, (mostly) malevolent supercomputers were to remain more appealing subjects for science  ction than word processing. But the day-to-day realities of early personal computing were also quite different from the kinds of colossi the genre was typically given to imagine. Consider the tangle of decisions and deliberations that were necessary to purchase a home computer in the late 1970s: even assuming one had made the decision to go with a microcomputer instead of a dedicated word pro- cessor, potential buyers still had to sort through whether they wanted one of the few comparatively weak off-the-shelf “integrated” systems then avail- able or whether they wanted to pick and choose their own mix of compo- nents; whether they wanted an 8080- or Z-80-based chipset; 51⁄4- or 8-inch disks; letter-quality or dot matrix printing; what kind of keyboard; what kind of screen; what kind of software; and on and on and on. Clearly some found such immersion in technological minutiae vulgar and distasteful; Harlan Ellison was openly scornful, ridiculing what he perceived as “this whole lemming-like rush to pick up the latest toy.”9 (John Varley, as we have al- ready seen, was also to have similar reservations.) Any number of science  ction authors would, like Asimov, declare themselves at least mildly tech- nophobic or else simply ignorant when confronted by the prospect of buying and learning a computer or a word processor.
Signposts 95For all of their interest in computers, robotics, and sentient machines, then, science  ction writers no more predicted or successfully anticipated word processing—the seemingly suddenly commonplace experience of using something like a typewriter attached to a TV set to create and edit text— than any other genre or constituency.10 Nonetheless, and despite some vocal refuseniks like Ellison, they were noticeably quicker to adopt it once the technology was within reach. By 1982 Gerrold posits that there were “prob- ably several hundred” authors with their own computers, the majority of them in science  ction.11 By way of context, in one editor’s estimation there were around 400 individuals actively producing publishable science  ction in that same time period.12 But if neither the powers of literary prognosti- cation nor an innate af nity for technology are adequate explanations, then we must look to other causes and factors. Of these there are several. The  rst concerns the part played by several prominent personalities within this still rather small community; a second causal factor involves economic dic- tates and the marketplace for science  ction; and  nally, there was interest from the computer manufacturers themselves, who actively promoted their products by placing them in the hands of the genre’s luminaries (as hap- pened with Asimov and others).13Not every early literary adopter of word processing wrote science  ction or even genre  ction. But the rapid uptake of the technology among these constituencies is too conspicuous to ignore. Harold Bloom once said that as far as he was concerned, “computers have as much to do with literature as space travel, perhaps much less.”14 Of course he was wrong on both counts.Dr. Jerry Eugene Pournelle was born in Shreveport, Louisiana, in 1933. Since 1969 he has written some three dozen science  ction novels—a number of them collaboratively, most often with Larry Niven—along withnumerous short stories and essays. Some of the best-known include The Mote in God’s Eye (1975), Lucifer’s Hammer (1977), The Mercenary (1977), and Oath of Fealty (1981). (As the titles suggest, his storylines tend toward the martial.) He is also a proli c science writer, and has held such positions as science editor for the National Catholic Press. He saw active duty during the Korean War and later earned his doctorate in political science from the University of Washington, publishing a monograph about national de- fense. His interest in military matters was further nurtured by time spent in the aerospace industry at Boeing in the 1950s. Later he worked with NASA
96 TRACK CHANGESon the Mercury, Gemini, and Apollo programs. He brie y served in Los Angeles mayor Sam Yorty’s administration, and then did a stint as a pro- fessor at Pepperdine before turning to writing full time. In 1980 he began contributing a monthly column to Byte magazine: so in uential would his column become that at his insistence early versions of Microsoft Word included an option—the so-called “Pournelle feature”—to adjust the text and background to white on blue to emulate the color scheme of his then- preferred word processor, Symantec Q&A.15 In 1984 he published The User’s Guide to Small Computers: the cover was a mock-pulp illustration depicting a bespectacled Pournelle triumphant atop a conquered heap of computer hardware, a keyboard clutched like a broadsword (or space ri e) in his hands. In 1985 his mere mention of activities on the ARPANET (the still rather secretive nascent Internet) in the pages of Byte resulted in his account being terminated, an incident since enshrined in computer lore.16 He has had a long-standing friendship with Newt Gingrich, and been an outspoken right-wing political commentator through his Chaos Manor web- site, a sort of blog avant la lettre.17 He remains a recognized name in neo- conservative politics, the science  ction genre, and technology journalism. He has worn a pencil-thin mustache for most of his life and speaks with a high-pitched voice that still bears traces of his Louisiana roots. To this col- orful biography we can add that he has a strong claim to having been the  rst author to have written published  ction on a word processor in the manner in which we would conventionally envision it: composing and ed- iting with a keyboard connected to a screen, using a commercially available personal computer system—a “microcomputer”—to create, revise, and store text before outputting it to a printer.Pournelle himself is not shy about promoting this claim, though he is also unable to pinpoint the speci c text that might have been the  rst (probably something written in 1978). A working writer’s life can be messy, he will explain; there is always more than one project under way at a time, and work is not always published in the order in which it is  nished.18 Frustrating though this may be for the historian, it does not prevent us from recon- structing the circumstances that placed Pournelle in the position of cer- tainly being one of the very  rst  ction writers in English to make use of a microcomputer (as they were then known) and one of the most widely read voices in computer journalism.If he is not shy or reticent, Pournelle is resolutely unsentimental regarding his own work. And his writing is indeed his work. Throughout his career,
Sig n p o s ts 9 7Pournelle has repeatedly laid emphasis on the actual labor of being an au- thor. “Writing is hard work” is a mantra he has repeated over and over again.19 There is an upside: almost anyone can learn to do it, he believed, and with enough persistence can enjoy some success.20 But make no mistake: writing was work. So was correcting copy. Rewriting was even harder work than writing, because typing was part of rewriting. Managing correspon- dence and contacts and contracts were all work as well. And managing the  nancials of a writing career was work, tedious and very demanding at that—the IRS seemed always to be asking for more documentation. Throughout his career Pournelle has been uninhibited in addressing these matters. “Somebody’s always getting me to come lecture to their writing class, and I don’t talk about writing at all,” he says. “I talk about the business of making a living at this racket. That’s what I do, I make a living at it.”21By temperament, then, Pournelle was an author given to approaching his writing—his work—with an accompanying cost-bene t analysis. But the particular economics of science  ction as a publishing genre also forced such matters to the fore. In 1973, when he served as president of the Science Fic- tion Writers of America, Pournelle believed there were fewer than twenty SF authors in the country who could make a living from sales of their writing.22 But the times were rapidly changing. Interest in the SF genre had been piqued by real-world events throughout the 1960s, a decade that began under the shadow of Sputnik 1 and concluded with the Apollo 11 moon landings in ful llment of John F. Kennedy’s pledge. The same decade saw the debut of Star Trek in 1966 and Kubrick’s 2001: A Space Odyssey in 1968; Frank Herbert’s Dune (1965), meanwhile, proved that written SF could also produce blockbusters. Science  ction was increasingly in demand, but changes in the publishing landscape were also mitigating away from the dominance of SF’s early serial publications and more toward novels as the basic economic unit of the genre.23 Increased reader demand, coupled with greater expectations for long-form work: that meant opportunity, but it also “presented a problem,” as Pournelle notes in a typical summation: “In order to make a living at writing I had to write a lot, and writing is hard work. Actually writing wasn’t so bad: it was rewriting, particularly retyping an en- tire page in order to correct half a dozen sentences. Typing neatly involved correction  uid, carbon paper, fussing with margins; a lot of work, most of which I hated.”24Pournelle had been introduced to computers early in his career as tools for solving engineering problems, but it did not occur to him that they might
98 TRACK CHANGESalso be of use for writing. That changed sometime in 1977. He had been given an opportunity to bring his  rst two novels, published under a pseud- onym, back into print, but they required extensive revision: “Wouldn’t it, I mused, be marvelous if those books were in some kind of electronically readable form so that I could do the scissors-and-paste job without so much retyping?”25 It is important to emphasize that the technological landscape at this time was dramatically different from what it was around 1981. Dedicated word processing machines like the Wang were available, but a microcomputer was more versatile, something that appealed to Pournelle. There were as yet no truly viable “integrated” systems, like the IBM PC, Kaypro, or Tandy, that came tidily packaged in a box. (The Apple II, Com- modore PET, and TRS-80 Model I all came on the market in 1977, but all initially had signi cant limitations—at the time the Apple couldn’t even display lowercase letters, obviously a nonstarter for a writer, while the PET’s diminutive name seemed to speak for itself.) Instead, it was understood that a user with any pretense toward serious applications pieced together their computer’s components from individual hardware vendors—choosing the processor and boards, choosing the keyboard and the display, the method of disk storage, the printer, and of course the software. All of it was custom assembled. To help him navigate this morass, Pournelle turned to a “mad friend” who was a devout computer hobbyist.26 The system the two settled on represented no small investment: $12,000, about half of it for the printer.27 Pournelle had to borrow the money, and claims he subsequently battled the IRS for a write-off, having to explain why a computer could be a legitimate business expense for a writer.28 The essential software program was Electric Pencil, which preceded WordStar as the  rst word processing program de- signed speci cally to run on a CP/M microcomputer. Because of the Z-80 chip at its heart, Pournelle named the machine Ezekial (sic), or Zeke for short.Initially he  rst typed his drafts on the computer, then printed them out and amended the hard copy by hand. However, Pournelle soon found him- self composing and revising as a single uni ed activity on the screen.29 In 1979 he wrote an article for the inaugural issue of onComputing (the mag- azine that became Popular Computing and published Asimov’s essays in 1981) in which he detailed the components of his system and offered ad- vice to other writers. It is clear even at this early stage that Zeke had al- ready ful lled the hope of increased productivity—in the article Pournelle details revising a screenplay in an afternoon, and then composing and writing a 15,000-word story in three days. He estimated that it was saving
Signposts 99him whole “months” of typing and retyping, and that it let him produce prose at “double” the usual rate. “It doesn’t get in the way of writing: no paper to change, no erasures and strike-overs, no Sno-pake,” he concluded, referring to the correction  uid. “Best of all, every draft is a clean draft—but it’s so easy to produce another clean draft that there’s no hesitation over a rewrite.”30 A few years later he elaborates: “Ezekial changed my life. He did most of the real work of writing. I never had to retype anything, and I could  ddle with the text until I had exactly what I wanted. Computers not only let you write faster, but by taking the mechanical work out of writing they let you write better.”31The 15,000-word story Pournelle discussed but did not name in onCom- puting is very likely “Spirals,” which he cowrote with his frequent collabo- rator Larry Niven. It was published  rst in 1979 in Destinies magazine and reprinted that same year in an anthology entitled The Endless Frontier; in the introduction, Pournelle remarks on having used a computer to write the  rst draft: “I write everything into a computer and edit on a glass screen.”32 Was “Spirals,” then, his  rst published  ction written with Zeke? It seems the most likely candidate.33 Also around the time “Spirals” was published, he sat for an interview with TV journalist Tom Snyder, who quizzed him about his new writing system. Like Michael Crichton’s exchange with Merv Grif n, the dialogue is worth lingering over, for it captures the colloquial- isms with which word processing was then described to a general audience. “I have a little home computer,” Pournelle begins.And I type; stuff goes up on a glass screen. If I don’t like what I’ve typed, I type over it and it puts the new stuff in and I can spread the lines apart, move paragraphs around. . . . I can move blocks of text around, I write some- thing, say, “Well that’s pretty good but does it belong here,” I can store it over yonder and later on insert it and that type of thing. When I get this thing all done and it’s on a record—it looks just like a phonograph record, but it’s a magnetic record. I push a button and an automatic typewriter types it out onto a piece of paper. I mail it to New York, where somebody hands it to a guy who sits there and types it all into a typesetting machine so that it goes back onto a little record that looks just like mine.34It is telling to hear something as familiar to us as word processing described by way of such careful and sometimes strained language. (He loses Snyder halfway through.) But as awkward as Pournelle’s description must seem to us now, the reality is that we might also  nd many of the functional particulars
100 TRACK CHANGESof word processing, as he experienced them, dif cult to recognize. To write something with Zeke meant  rst booting the machine, which was done from a diskette, not a hard drive. There was no “desktop” as such, only a cursor prompt waiting for the appropriate command to be input. Launching the program displayed the message: “THE ELECTRIC PENCIL (C) 1977 MICHAEL SHRAYER.” Nothing else happened until one started typing; this message would then disappear to be replaced by the user’s text.35 The Hitachi screen was 64 characters by 20, just about as big as a typescript page though other systems were smaller. Often chapters were spread across multiple disks, and one became accustomed to swapping them in and out to access different portions of the manuscript. Functions like spell-check and dictionaries were separate programs. Fonts as we know them did not exist—the keyboard simply translated the character input to ASCII code, which at least had the virtue of speed. Basic graphical effects like boldface, underlining, and italics were thus beyond the capabilities of Elec- tric Pencil, which at that time was the state-of-the-art.Here, meanwhile, is how the Electric Pencil manual described the pro- cedure for moving a block of text:In order to move a block of text to another part of the  le or to delete a block of text, it must  rst be marked. The character used to mark the boundaries of a block is [\]. This character is also called a “marker.” To mark the bound- aries of a block, the cursor is placed over the  rst character of the text de- sired and then the [\] key is depressed. The action will be the same as if the Insert Mode was entered. The text will shift right and the “marker” will be placed. The cursor should now be moved to one character beyond the end of the block of text desired and similarly marked. Exactly two markers must be used; otherwise, a MARKER ERROR message will appear on the video display screen when a move is attempted.36There was no autosave feature, so documents had to be manually saved to the disks on a regular basis or else they could be obliterated by a power outage or program glitch. And Electric Pencil was notoriously glitch-ridden; for example, it had a habit of dropping the last character from every line. Making a backup copy of absolutely everything was essential. The disks themselves rotated continuously, a fact that, as Pournelle notes, generated white noise that some writers might  nd distracting.37 Printing was in theory a “push of a button,” but Pournelle also notes of most printers, “The darn things take just enough attention that I like mine in sight.”38 High-quality
Signposts 1 0 1printing was also slow—a novel-length manuscript could take many hours. The paper, of course, came in the iconic fanfold format with tear-away perforated edges for a tractor feed. When a print job was  nished, it was incumbent upon the writer to separate the sheets and remove their perfo- rated edges, an unexpectedly satisfying chore Pournelle refers to as “busting out” the manuscript.39 The conclusion is unmistakable: although the com- puter was undeniably a timesaver, it also inaugurated its own attendant labor regimen and introduced a fresh array of time-sinks, from the learning curve of operating the system itself to the routine maintenance and upkeep of each and every component.Pournelle might have opted instead for a dedicated word processing system like the Wang, Lexitron, or Lanier. The cost would have been about the same. But he understood that a true microcomputer would be far more versatile. He was interested in using the system for his taxes and other  - nancials, as a correspondence database, and, most intriguingly, as a simula- tion engine to assist with world-building in his science  ction.40 He wrote what is known as “hard” science  ction, meaning that the stories were grounded in as much scienti c fact or plausible scienti c theory as was possible. What percentage of a planet’s atmosphere consisted of oxygen? What force did gravity exert on an object of such-and-such a density and mass? What was a rocket’s trajectory for achieving a low-Earth orbit? All of these details mattered, and many of his readers could tell the difference between the real thing and hokum. Pournelle thus immediately grasped the poten- tial of the computer as a world-building tool, and learned enough BASIC and FORTRAN programming to transfer the formulas he worked out on a pocket calculator to a set of custom programs for his system.41 (Despite his engineering background, he claims he found the prospect of actually learning programming “terrifying.”)42 Other writers grasped this potential as well: Frank Herbert, for example, imagined a seamless integration be- tween a simulation engine (complete with visual renderings) and a text editor, whereby details from his planetary models could be made to populate his prose on demand: “You will know when it’s spring on Planet X or when the tides rise four hundred feet on planet Y.”43 Such examples are tantalizing, and the close integration of simulation and modeling with word processing seems to me one of the richest roads-not-taken in thinking about the po- tential of computers as writing platforms, not just for science  ction but for all manner of genres demanding close correspondences between storyline and setting, words and worlds.44
102 TRACK CHANGESThe  rst bene ciary of Pournelle’s proselytizing was his neighbor and longtime writing partner Larry Niven, also a highly regard science  ction writer in his own right (his 1970 Ringworld had won the Hugo Award). The story both tell is that not long after Pournelle purchased his system, Niven ordered a duplicate, his “magic typewriter” (two of them in fact, the second for his wife, who kept his accounts).45 This marked the beginning of a pat- tern: Pournelle’s residence in Studio City (a brick manse he refers to as Chaos Manor) was a frequent stopping place for science  ction writers passing through town, especially to visit the nearby Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena. (The JPL at the time was mission control for the Voyager and Pioneer spacecraft, and it would open its doors to writers and journalists as part of its Planetary Encounters series.) Pournelle would introduce his guests to Zeke, putting the word processor through its paces. Guests would leave suitably impressed, and  nd themselves thinking about getting some RAM and ROM of their own on the way home.Later, Pournelle took to bringing portable computers to conventions, where he would show them off to the same effect. He quickly garnered a reputation as the go-to person in the community for advice and assistance as, one by one, writers began making the transition. And though he was the last person on whom it would have been lost that his friends were also his professional competition, he unhesitatingly obliged. Authors he advised in this capacity include Gregory Benford, Gordon R. Dickson, Joe Halderman, his onetime mentor Robert Heinlein, Frank Herbert, Robert Silverberg, and others. In a 1982 correspondence with Silverberg, he is able to rattle off the names of other writers and their systems or software as though reciting from a Rolodex: “Norman Spinrad recently bought a Kaypro 10 and he’s very happy with it.”46 “The only major writer I know who uses WordMaster is Gordon Dickson, and he does so because he started with it back when there were very few [text] editors his equipment could run.”47 He knew that Gary Edmundson, Carolyn (C. J.) Cherryh, and Joe Halderman all pre- ferred WordStar.48 Such throwaway comments underscore the extent to which science  ction was a close-knit community of authors who regularly saw each other at conventions and other social gatherings, who corre- sponded and collaborated, and rarely missed an opportunity to talk shop. In 1981 Pournelle convinced his longtime editor at Ace and Tor, Jim Baen, to buy an IBM PC.49 Baen, himself an in uential personality in the genre, quickly became a convert and encouraged his other authors to make the switch.50 In 1983 Baen left Tor to start his own imprint, and because Baen
Signposts 103Books was small and was not burdened with a base of existing legacy tech- nology, he was able to champion now-standard industry practices like the electronic submission of manuscripts.While Pournelle is hardly single-handedly responsible for every science  ction writer’s move to computing, his evangelizing does suggest the extent to which a single individual was sometimes enough to exert broad in uence on a genre—whose practitioners would be motivated not least by their per- ceived need to keep up with the competition. Whether or not he was truly the “ rst” author to produce  ction on a microcomputer, his in uence is undeniable, not only among authors but in the computer industry as well. He built his popular Byte column around his identity as a user, an everyman. He ruthlessly took systems and software apart, stress-tested and benchmarked them, and badgered and harangued developers and manufacturers.Zeke was eventually followed by another Z-80-based system, Zeke II, and Pournelle moved from Electric Pencil to a custom-built application simply called WRITE and then to Symantec Q&A. Eventually he moved on to Word, which is what he still uses today. Zeke remains the one computer about which he is unabashedly sentimental, and it would go on to have an interesting afterlife (as we will see in Chapter 10). Otherwise he did not ro- manticize the technology. He was a working writer—for him the word pro- cessor was simply, obviously, the better tool for the job. “Boy,” he said at the end of his  rst article about word processing, “has this thing made it easier to write science  ction.”51Frank Herbert was what we might nowadays call a “maker.” In 1977, the year he published The Dosadi Experiment (arguably his most important book outside of the Dune franchise), he  led a patent for a panemone, orvertical-axis windmill, which he hoped might one day supply power to his homestead in Port Townsend, Washington. By then Herbert had been writing science  ction for some twenty- ve years. Dune (1965), his acknowl- edged masterpiece, and its sequels had cemented his stature as perhaps the foremost writer of the genre, for a time at least surpassing even the likes of Heinlein, Asimov, Bradbury, and Clarke in fan devotion as well as crit- ical acclaim. By the late 1970s his advances were setting industry records. His  nancial success had been a long time coming, but Herbert eventually found himself able to function as a patron of sorts for the local technorati.
104 TRACK CHANGESOne such individual was Maxwell Barnard, a former Boeing engineer. It was Barnard who introduced Herbert to the emerging phenomenon of personal computers.Computers had  gured in Herbert’s  ction for some time, of course, at least speculatively or notionally. In Dune there existed an intergalactic ban on the technology as a consequence of events 10,000 years before the story begins: “Thou shalt not make a machine in the likeness of a human mind” is one of that universe’s core dictates. (Dune instead posits Mentats, individuals trained from birth to function as human computers.) His Destination: Void, a novel serialized in Galaxy magazine the same year that Dune appeared, essentially inverts this premise: it is set inside an enor- mous sentient spaceship whose central nervous system fails, leaving its thousands of human passengers to attempt to replicate its functions arti - cially, by constructing a synthetic intelligence. (In the book’s sequel, The Jesus Incident, this entity declares itself a god.) Herbert’s own early com- puting efforts were rather more mundane, however. Sometime in the late 1970s, likely as a result of seeing Jerry Pournelle’s setup, he acquired a com- puter of his own, very likely a TRS-80 Model I (which had debuted in 1977); he may have used this machine for the composition of at least some of the book that became God-Emperor of Dune (1981), the fourth in the series.52Regardless, by early 1979, driven by his own predilections and tantalized by Barnard’s ideas, Herbert had set about designing a custom-built com- puter system to meet the needs of writers and other creative individuals.53 He attached more urgency to this pet project than to some of his previous ones: Herbert believed that personal computers would be transformative, and that those without the wherewithal to use them would quickly become disadvantaged socially and economically. Though Herbert was also in the thick of writing God-Emperor, he and Barnard accepted a proposition from his editor, David Hartwell (who had just moved to Simon and Schuster), for a non ction book spelling out their ideas about personal computers. It would function as a guide to the technology for the uninitiated—one of the  rst books of its kind—and the custom-built machine that Herbert and Barnard were busily designing was to be its centerpiece.As is the way of such things, that computer was never actually  nished. It was simply too ambitious for its time, and Herbert had abandoned it by the end of 1980 (by one account he had spent some $40,000 on it by then).54 But the book, at least, had gotten written. Entitled Without Me You’re Nothing (1980), it is one of the more intriguing artifacts of its era, more in
Signposts 105line with Ted Nelson’s visionary Computer Lib / Dream Machines (1974) than the innumerable other home computer guidebooks soon to be on the market. The cryptic title was meant to be understood as words addressed to the computer itself: “Without our intervention they are useless junk,” Her- bert and Barnard repeated over and over again, a variation on the standard programming axiom “garbage in, garbage out.”55 Nonetheless, they begin with a dire-sounding warning: “You are already being taken advantage of by people with computers,” they write. “You will not be able to meet that challenge or keep up with other changes unless you acquire a computer yourself.”56 They then raise the stakes even further: “Get your own com- puter. Learn how to use it. . . . If you don’t do this, the Bill of Rights is dead and your individual liberties will go the way of the dodo.”57 Throughout the book this libertarian rhetoric is offset by the promise and potential of what computers can offer. “Computers also amplify creative imagination,” we read just after the urgent prognostications about civil liberties.58 Computers, they assert, will be used by writers and artists, by journalists and doctors, by ac- count executives and their secretaries, and by architects and government clerks. We  nd early anticipations of assistive and adaptive applications for the disabled, such as screen readers and self-driving cars. Computers can be used to control the environment in one’s house, and even (with “appro- priate sensors”) can be used for pest control. Machine translation, electronic voting, and sensors to detect spoiled food or contaminated water are also all on offer. Nonetheless, Herbert and Barnard are careful to emphasize, computers are only tools. More precisely they are assemblies of switches, on or off, wired in sequence. And without us they are nothing.Other chapters explain principles of how computers work, their special- ized vocabulary, and the components of a typical system. There are also, however, attempts to teach elements of the BASIC programming language in layperson’s terms, and repeated encouragement for people to experiment with computers on their own. But given the limitations of the existing sys- tems then on the market, the real heart of the book is its insight into what Herbert and Barnard desired in their self-designed computer, what they term a “Rolls Royce” (they never give it a proper name). They begin with alterations to the physical hardware components: The keyboard was particu- larly important—it must have the right “feel,” they assert, and be glitch-free. It must also be silent. These might seem like odd or arbitrary stipulations, but the keyboards at the time were often buggy and awkward, and such consid- erations were important to Herbert even with his manual typewriters. “Dad
106 TRACK CHANGESalways said the keys could be sprung if they weren’t hit just right, with an even rhythm,” recalls his son Brian Herbert. “He was extremely sensitive to the touch of his keyboard.”59 It was more than a casual affectation: “Frank Herbert believed his creative process was partly in his  ngers. . . . He described it as a kinesthetic link, in which thoughts  owed from his brain through his body to his  ngers and onto the paper.”60 Other elements of the system were equally important. The screen would display in vertical format, like a typewritten page, and it could be set to either black-and-white or color. The printer would be a “phototypesetter . . . giving you on paper an exact match of what you had on screen”—an obvious anticipation of the WYSIWYG principle. Indeed, they note, an editor will not be able to tell that a manuscript was prepared on a computer, again signaling that peculiar early anxiety—one perhaps heightened by Herbert’s troubles submitting early dot matrix printouts to Berkley Books.61 Storage would be both internal and external, on disks capable of holding up to “21 million bytes” (a mere 21 megabytes!) as well as tape for backup.For writers, there would be additional features. Obviously the user would have the ability to instantly navigate to any point in the manuscript via a search function. Spell-checking and a dictionary would both be standard. Moreover, the computer would also function as a kind of literary minder: One of the more colorful scenarios they offer involves prompting the author with “ringing bells and  ashing ERROR messages” if he or she un- thinkingly attempted to make use of a character previously deceased in the story. Graphics—what the two termed “image writing”—could be seamlessly integrated into the text.62 Similarly, the machine was to have the world- building and simulation capabilities already detailed earlier in this chapter.The core of the system, though, was to be its integration with a revolu- tionary new programming method called PROGRAMAP. To use computers, Herbert and Barnard believed, people needed to be able to tell them how to do things, even things they didn’t already do. BASIC was then the lan- guage most often recommended to beginners, and though it was designed to be easy and accessible, it still demanded rigid adherence to a syntax and the capacity to express one’s wishes in the twisty loops and branches of pro- gramming logic. PROGRAMAP was to be different. As the name implies, it was a visual language, like a  owchart or a map. The idea was to furnish a set of graphical conventions to help individual users organize their thoughts—the objectives for the program—into a sequence of algorithmic steps. The resulting PROGRAMAP diagram consists of visual glyphs—
Signposts 107ideograms—arranged in four columns. The  rst indicates the actual system components that are to be involved—display, keyboard, printer, speakers, and so forth. The second presents the logical operations of the processor in schematic form. The third column, called the REROUTE, imposes condi- tionals or branching logic. The fourth and  nal column was for descriptive notes, human- rather than machine-readable text. Herbert and Barnard believed that a universal visual vocabulary for representing programming concepts would allow a larger number of people to not only use but in fact program computers. “If you can type a letter on a typewriter and tell a stranger how to get to your house, you can write your own programs,” they promised.63 Nonetheless, they understood at the time that the user would still have to manually transliterate the PROGRAMAP to an actual exe- cutable language like BASIC. What they foresaw, however, was a further iteration of the concept in which an actual keyboard out tted with PROGRAMAP iconography would allow people to create and edit programs in a purely visual environment, with the computer automatically compiling its internal machine language from the input. Of course such ideas were not in and of themselves original—work with so-called visual programming languages had begun in the 1960s, and they remain an active area in both computer science and education research today. But PROGRAMAP itself appears to be largely forgotten in this history, although Herbert and Bar- nard  led a patent on the keyboard design in 1984.64Without Me You’re Nothing contains appendices that include sample pro- grams in BASIC and PROGRAMAP for a car maintenance utility and a mortgage calculator; Simon and Schuster initially balked at printing them— it must have seemed like a waste of paper—but Herbert insisted.65 But before these, there comes a confession. The book proper concludes with a postscript, and it exists to address a reader’s inevitable question: “Did we write this book on a computer?” The answer was no. The “Rolls Royce” had remained a purely speculative design. Jerry Pournelle suggests that Her- bert, under increasing pressure from Simon and Schuster, returned to his typewriter to  nish the manuscript.66 Herbert and Barnard offered a more considered rationale: “This book was partly a test project to set the design requirements for a writer’s computer. This required that we use conventional methods while comparing those methods to available computer methods.”67 At face value this perhaps also explains why Herbert, if indeed he had a Tandy computer at the time, chose to forego its use. Or else perhaps that system had already been torn down to furnish the chassis for the Rolls.
108 TRACK CHANGESRegardless, we are left with the irony that a book intended to evangelize for the importance of personal computers—with special attention to the particular needs of writers—was written on an Olympia typewriter.68The book performed moderately well despite the cryptic title and was an alternate selection for the Book of the Month Club. A trade paperback fol- lowed the next year. It has now been largely forgotten, even by most of Herbert’s fans, but we can conceive of Without Me You’re Nothing as an unintentional exercise in speculative  ction, documenting in considerable detail an imaginary computer that can be explored alongside the many other systems and machines in his novels and those of his contemporaries. Herbert and Barnard were particularly prescient in their insistence that literary authors had needs that were not well accommodated by existing products on the market; as late as 1984, for example, an advice article in a science  ction periodical begins with the complaint that most word pro- cessing systems are tailored toward secretarial needs, not those of creative writers.69 Herbert and Barnard went a step further, tapping into a debate that is still relevant today about the necessity of the individual end-user’s knowledge of programing. “The machine must be  tted to you,” they con- cluded. “Not the other way around.”70Not every science  ction writer would come to word processing by way of Chaos Manor. Barry B. Longyear was a contemporary, based on the other side of the country in Maine; by the end of the 1970s he had built asuccessful writing career that included a novel, Enemy Mine (1979), that won the Hugo, Nebula, and Locus Awards. Like many of his colleagues, he dreaded the chore of typing manuscripts, and though he considered himself something of a technophobe, he came to the conclusion that a word processor was the only solution.71 Intimidated by microcomputers like Zeke, Longyear opted instead for a Wang System 5 Model 1, acquiring it in May 1979 (several years before a rather more famous Maine writer would buy a slightly later version of that same system).72 A recent heart attack added impetus to the decision.Initially the machine was an adjustment. Longyear reports that the Wang’s CPU made so much noise he had to move it (and the daisy-wheel impact printer) to a separate room. It typically required three 8-inch disks to store a complete novel, and many more for his reference  les; this meant that searching for a particular passage often meant repeatedly swapping the
Signposts 109large, clumsy disks in and out of the drives until he found it. But “it didn’t break down very often and took care of one thing I hated: retyping.”73 In- deed, he would soon claim that he was learning to savor the rewriting pro- cess, revising his prose in a way he never had before.74 He also came to the realization that the Wang could alter his process in more fundamental ways: “Now that the burdens of typing, correcting, and retyping had been lifted from me by my Wang...there was no need to begin a story with a title and a perfect  rst sentence.”75 He describes the composition of a short story in which he simply began with the  rst scene that occurred to him, then wrote another scene, and another, “hopping” from one to the next and “sort[ing] it out electronically afterward. . . . It was like having a chronic pain, a debilitating brain disease, or insufferable stress banished forever. I could begin with what interested me, have fun with it, and continue having fun until I was  nished.”76 Given Longyear’s health concerns, the preva- lence of pathological language in the preceding description is notable; the Wang was an anodyne, the agent of a new, stress-free lifestyle.In 1981 he entered into a kind of amiable disputation with Pournelle in the pages of Asimov’s Science Fiction magazine, in which the two debated the pros and cons of their respective computer systems. (It is illustrated with a Jack Gaughan pen-and-ink drawing depicting the two authors as ribbons of fanfold paper being fed into their respective machines even as they type athletically on them, the Möbius-strip-like logic posing the question of who is in control, the writer or the technology.) Pournelle argued forcefully for the advantages of a general-purpose computer like Zeke over a dedicated word processor. Longyear conceded Pournelle’s technical acumen, but held that the Wang was the right choice for him precisely because it as- sumed little or no specialized knowledge. “A typewriter is nothing but an extension of the  ngers, as is a pen or pencil,” he concluded. “However, a word processor is an extension of the mind.”77At about this same time Robert L. Forward, a physicist working at Hughes Aircraft, the California-based aerospace company originally founded by Howard Hughes, began authoring science  ction novels; the best-known of them, eventually titled Rocheworld, began as a serial in Analog magazine (1982–1983) and was  rst published under the title The Flight of the Drag- on y in 1984. Forward’s work at Hughes gave him access to a mainframe computer running the UNIX text editor called TECO, which he began using probably around 1980 or 1981.78 TECO (Text Editor and COrrector) was originally developed at MIT in the 1960s, a successor to the Expensive
110 TRACK CHANGESTypewriter; it was designed not as a “word processor” but as a “program editor” to let programmers enter and edit their source code directly on a ter- minal screen rather than encoding punched cards or paper tape. (In fact, TECO in its earliest incarnations did use paper tape—the “T” in its title originally stood for Tape.)Though it did nothing in the way of graphics or formatting, TECO would have had several features conducive to Forward’s needs as he reworked what eventually became a 160,000-word novel through multiple versions and pub- lication venues, starting with its original Analog serialization of about a third the total length. There was an extremely sophisticated search func- tion, for example, and the host computing system—with accompanying tape storage—would have been capable of holding the entire text in its memory. Forward eventually moved on to IBM PCs and painstakingly had his tape  les migrated to diskette.79 His experience serves to illustrate yet another way in which science  ction writers found their way to word processing, in this case through professional proximity to the kind of computing resources still largely unavailable outside of corporate, government, or university settings.80Neither was Eileen Gunn within Pournelle’s immediate orbit. She has had a noteworthy career writing short stories (including a 2004 Nebula Award). Gunn started out in 1969 as an advertising writer at Digital Equipment Corporation, where she produced copy for the PDP-8, among other systems; by the mid-1980s she had moved to Microsoft, where she eventually became director of advertising. Her experiences at DEC and Microsoft informed what is probably her best-known story, the biting corporate techno-fable “Stable Strategies for Middle Management.” In 1981, while still freelancing for DEC, Gunn had accepted a contract with them for an ambitious series of in-house technical publications. The company had a dusty, aging PDP-8 delivered to her Seattle home. The unit, which had a built-in CRT display, sat atop a wheeled base and was about the size of a household washing ma- chine. Gunn cleaned it up, followed the instructions in the manual, plugged it in, and  ipped the power switch. It ran WPS-8, a dedicated word pro- cessing system. For practice, Gunn began typing in one of her current sto- ries in progress, “Contact,” which was eventually published in an anthology in 1983: “I typed it all in and I pushed the button and printed it out. And it was really an exciting moment. I was thrilled. . . . There was a point in the story, about 18 pages in on the printout, that if I made a change there it made the ending make so much more sense. So I went back to the com-
Signposts 111puter and I made that change. . . . And I pressed the button and it printed it out again. I was an instant convert. . . . I can have a perfect manuscript with the press of a button. I should have known that, I’d been working in the computer industry for 15 years. But somehow just pressing that button and it became reality. And it was just enormously exciting to me.”81 DEC took its time asking for the old PDP-8 to be returned, so Gunn continued to use it for another three or four years, until she accepted the job at Micro- soft. In the meantime, she wrote more stories: “It was like having someone give me a beat-up old Mercedes to drive around.”82 By her own description, she was never a fast or an accurate typist. “Word processing,” Gunn says, “made that irrelevant.”83Across the Atlantic, Terry Pratchett is said to have bought a Sinclair ZX81 as soon as they became available (1981), and he maintained a houseful of computers until his death in 2015; the original ZX81 became the inspira- tion for the  ctional “Hex” computer that  gures prominently in the Disc- world novels.84 Then there was Anne McCaffrey, famous for her Pern books about dragons, who was another early adopter of the Kaypro. McCaffrey’s neighbors near her rural Irish estate, doubtless imagining something very different from the self-contained Kaypro II, however ungainly its twenty-  ve-pound bulk might be, were reportedly on record as fearing it would con- sume all the electricity in County Wicklow.85 But no British or Irish SF writer from this era is more heavily associated with computers than Douglas Adams. “I remember the  rst time I ever saw a personal computer,” he writes. “It was at Lasky’s . . . on the Tottenham Court Road, and it was called a Commodore PET. It was quite a large, pyramid shape, with a screen at the top about the size of a chocolate bar. I prowled around it for a while, fascinated. But it was no good. I couldn’t for the life of me see any way in which a computer could be of any use in the life or work of a writer.”86Nonetheless, by 1982 Adams had purchased a dedicated word processor called a Nexus; a year or two later (the Hitchhiker’s trilogy already complete) he bought the British computer known as an Apricot, which ran MS-DOS.87 He was an enthusiast, in short order accumulating a plethora of models and brands, also including a BBC Micro and a Tandy 100.88 Sometime in 1984 he found himself at a small company in Cambridge, Massachusetts, called Infocom, where they were adapting his breakthrough novel The Hitchhiker’s Guide to the Galaxy (1979) as a piece of interactive  ction—a surprisingly popular form at the time that allowed players to read prose presented on their screen and type responses in something approximating natural
112 TRACK CHANGESlanguage, thereby to advance the story through one of its branching plot- lines.89 (Future poet laureate Robert Pinksy would also dabble in the genre, producing an “electronic novel” called Mindwheel with the assistance of a team of programmers for Brøderbund Software in 1984.) While visiting Infocom, Adams saw one of the just-released Apple Macintosh computers and was instantly captivated by it; he subsequently claimed to own the  rst one in England, and was pro led in MacWorld magazine.90 He would go on to acquire at least one of most Apple Macintosh products released thereafter, and the number of Douglas Adams Macs that thus ended up populating the world would eventually yield at least one memorable sur- prise, as we will see in Chapter 10. But it wasn’t just Adams’s very visible association with Apple products that makes his computing history note- worthy here. He also helped move science  ction toward a more realistic mode of portraying computing technology through the  ctional device of the Hitchhiker’s Guide itself, which—as portrayed in the novel of the same name—was in effect an e-book. As his biographer M. J. Simpson notes, “It didn’t think, and it displayed text on a screen.”91 In other words, several years before acquiring one for himself, Adams bucked the then-dominant assumption that what was most interesting about computers was their ca- pacity for arti cial intelligence; instead, he imagined a personal media tablet like the ones we use today.92M. J. Simpson credits Douglas Adams with fundamentally changing the public’s perception of how computers worked as a result of their por- trayal in (or as) the best-selling Guide. Individual writers’ relationships tothe technology, however, were to remain deeply idiosyncratic. Jack Vance, for example, had more reason than most of his colleagues to make the switch to word processing, and had done so by the time he was writing The Green Pearl (1985): his eyesight, never good, was progressively worsening, and so his computer became a platform for early experiments in what we would today call adaptive technology. Raised embossments were af xed to the keys, the font was enlarged, and a speech synthesizer was added to read text aloud from the screen.93 All of this was accomplished with a custom DOS- based word processing package named BigEd written for him by Kim Kokkonen, then president of Turbopower, a major software vendor. Vance used BigEd in conjunction with a thirty-inch screen, and this set-up enabled him to continue writing even after he became legally blind.94 His dependence
Signposts 113on the computer was thus unusually strong, but it serves to dramatize what David Gerrold, writing in 1982, had already understood: “The computer has evolved into a partner, a tool, and an environment.” Gerrold goes on to make cause and effect explicit: “Computers are no longer malevolent iron brains. . . . This shift in perception is a direct result of humans  nally get- ting their hands on computers of their own.”95We might see that same effect in the experience of Samuel R. Delany, who has won four Nebulas and two Hugos even as he has bent or eschewed many of science  ction’s conventions. Delany bought a Kaypro II with Per- fect Writer in July 1983 and attended users’ group meetings at New York University with the artist and essayist Richard Kostelanetz.96 In his corre- spondence from that period he would often mention the purchase in con- junction with the private school tuition for his daughter, which suggests the perceived magnitude of the expenditure. Nonetheless, the computer must have meant something more to him than just another check to write. Al- ways an early riser, he begins one letter by setting the scene thusly: “Good morning. It’s moving on toward  ve-thirty, though outside my of ce window it’s still dark. If I rise a bit in my seat and look down, over the back of my word processor and out the window, there are only four lights beside the back-alley doors of the tenement buildings to the south; if I look up, I can see the beacon on top of what I assume is the Beresford, over Central Park West.”97 At this quiet hour, the way in which the blocky geometry of the Kaypro seamlessly merges with the darkened shapes and silhouettes of the cityscape beyond (so important in Delany’s  ction) to form a single uni ed perspectival  eld perhaps suggests the extent to which the computer had worked its way into his consciousness.Still, some of the genre’s most notable luminaries rejected the technology outright. Besides Harlan Ellison, Andre (Alice) Norton, best known for her Witch World series, was quoted in Life magazine in 1984 as saying she “wouldn’t have a word processor on a bet.”98 Others came to it only later, sometimes much later: Ursula K. Le Guin did not yet have a word processor when she was working on Always Coming Home (1985), but she comments in an interview that she was “aware even back then that the computer might encourage certain complex movements of narrative—recursions, implica- tions to be followed, forking paths, etc.—that were very much in my head as I wrote the book.”99 In interviews given in 1996 and 1997 Octavia Butler is still talking about  nishing Parable of the Talents (1998) on one of the succession of manual typewriters she had been using since she started
114 TRACK CHANGESwriting at the age of ten, though manuscript evidence suggests she subse- quently completed the novel on a newly-acquired computer.100Sometime in 1982, while Gerrold was tendering his preceding observa- tions about personal computers evolving into partners, tools, and even whole environments, an American ex-patriate living in Vancouver who had pub- lished a handful of promising short stories sat down to write the novel that would popularize the word “cyberspace.”101 As is widely known, he wrote it not on a computer but on a Hermes 2000 manual typewriter.102 It wasn’t a romantic or ironic gesture: William Gibson simply couldn’t afford his own personal computer. Neuromancer is indeed the novel that introduced readers to cyberspace when it was completed and published in 1984, but it is also a novel about a rogue arti cial intelligence. It thus pays tribute to the already long tradition in science  ction of stories about computers breaking bad (or breaking free), even as it also helped usher in the cyberpunk genre, the near-future noir settings  rst glimpsed by many in Ridley Scott’s  lm Blade Runner (1982). It also resonated with another  lm released that same year, Walt Disney’s Tron: Like that garish neon fable of a hapless hero forced through the looking glass to do battle with a malevolent computer program on its own silicon turf, Gibson’s novel imagined the world inside a com- puter, or—more precisely—an all-encompassing environment derived from the totality of our world’s networked computers. “Cyberspace. A consen- sual hallucination experienced daily by billions of legitimate operators. . . . A graphic representation of data abstracted from banks of every computer in the human system. Unthinkable complexity,” is the novel’s most explicit de nition, rendered as an anonymous voice-over culled from a database.103It is widely known that Gibson took his inspiration for this vision from watching players stand trans xed in front of the very same arcade games that  gured prominently in Tron. Less well known is that although he didn’t yet own a computer himself, he nonetheless took some share of inspiration from them as well. Not “computers” in the abstract, but the actual consumer products then rapidly appearing on the market. Gibson recalls the moment in his Paris Review interview: “The only computers I’d ever seen in those days were things the size of the side of a barn. And then one day, I walked by a bus stop and there was an Apple poster. The poster was a photograph of a businessman’s jacketed, neatly cuffed arm holding a life-size represen- tation of a real-life computer that was not much bigger than a laptop is today. Everyone is going to have one of these, I thought, and everyone is going to want to live inside them. And somehow I knew that the notional space
Signposts 115behind all of the computer screens would be one single universe.”104 The computer depicted in the ad was presumably an Apple IIc, their 1984 entry into the luggable genre inaugurated several years previously by the Osborne 1 and Kaypro II. (This same computer was to make a cameo in the movie version of 2010; Roy Scheider’s character is brie y seen pecking at one on a bright, sunbaked beach, the moment a stark counterpoint to the more dramatic renderings of the damaged HAL adrift in deep space near the end of the  lm.) Gibson has often stated in interviews that his ignorance about the actual workings of computers was an asset in conceiving the no- tional technologies of cyberspace. But the bus stop ad for the Apple— publicly visible but personally unattainable, at least for the time being— seems to have allowed him to see computers with just enough speci city to bring his imagination into focus. When he did  nally get a computer of his own (the same Apple IIc, and a dot matrix printer, in 1986),105 it was a rev- elation: “I’d been expecting an exotic crystalline thing, a cyberspace deck or something, and what I got was a little piece of a Victorian engine that made noises like a scratchy old record player. That noise took away some of the mystique for me; it made computers less sexy. My ignorance had allowed me to romanticize them.”106Gibson had already heard about word processing by then, from his friend and fellow cyberpunk author Bruce Sterling, who had gotten an Apple IIe in 1984 and, as Gibson tells it, called him up excitedly.107 Once Gibson tried it for himself there was no going back. “It was hugely freeing,” he recalls. “Typographical errors were now of no import, and text became literally plastic with cut-and-paste.”108 His third novel, Mona Lisa Overdrive (1988) became his  rst actually written on a computer; shortly after he and Ster- ling would collaborate on The Difference Engine (1990), a novel set in an alternative Victorian era. Just as Neuromancer is widely regarded as a touch- stone for cyberpunk, The Difference Engine inaugurated the “steampunk” genre, which posits that the Victorians (typically in the person of Charles Babbage) had been successful in inventing digital computers. And like cyber- punk before it, steampunk offers an homage to the idea of the sentient machine. Gibson and Sterling’s novel is in fact narrated by a computer, a device we have seen before from John Barth and Michael Frayn. Here the “Narratron” assembles the story from a bricolage of sources encoded among its vast libraries of punched cards. What makes The Difference Engine no- table, however, is the way in which this conceit in fact originates with the circumstances of its composition: Each author had his Apple computer, and
116 TRACK CHANGESdisks containing the latest draft were shipped back and forth between Van- couver and Austin or else text was sometimes faxed.109From the outset the authors adopted a rule in which they were forbidden to copy and paste any of their own preexisting text into the working copy of the book—to restore a previously expunged passage it had to be re-created by being rewritten. Just as the enormous clacking engines of the story it- erate through their bundles of perforated cards, sifting and sorting data to weave the text, Gibson and Sterling iterated through one another’s prose, writing and rewriting until it felt like a fusion. In an interview given at the time Gibson comments, “This is a word-processed book in a way that I would suspect no book has ever been word-processed before.”110 He describes the way in which in he and Sterling liberally pilfered source material from Vic- torian novels and journals, often transcribing them verbatim. “Then we worked it,” says Gibson, “we sort of air-brushed it with the word-processor, we bent it slightly, and brought our eerie blue notes which the original writers could not have.”111 Word processing, he concludes, became the “aes- thetic engine” of the book, even as he also extends the musical analogy by comparing their technique to sampling. He and Sterling would make this point again—and also retain the striking “air-brush” metaphor—in the afterword to the novel’s twentieth anniversary edition: “We could blur the edges of the collage, effortlessly blend disparate parts, render the junc- ture invisible,” Gibson concluded. “A different level of magic.”112Sydney Coleman, a Harvard physicist, liked to spend such spare time as he could reviewing books for the Magazine of Fantasy and Science Fic- tion. He followed developments in computing closely as part of his day job. By the early 1980s he had come to a realization: “We all knew computers were coming,” he’d say, “but what astonishes us is it’s not the scientists but the word people who have taken them up  rst.”113 Kathryn Cramer, an SF editor and anthologist, likewise pegs the time frame as “the early 1980s,” and recalls, “You would go to science  ction conventions and what writers would talk about was what word processors they used. . . . That was shop talk. They were comparing notes.”114 Longyear too recalls these years as the ones when he was routinely dragooned to appear on panels about computers at the conventions.115 During this same time period, David Brin, who then worked on an Apple II and was serving as secretary for the Science Fiction Writers of America, started a computer newsletter called Space Chips for
Signposts 117the organization.116 The newsletter was next taken over by Sheila Finch (also an Apple user), who recalls it was  lled with “the newfound wonders of com- puting and word processing and comparisons of various machines and their memory size.”117Doubtless there were also other early adopters—signposts—among au- thors in other genres and literary domains, including Robyn Carr in romance (with her Burroughs Redactor III word processor) and, for the thriller or techno-thriller, Richard Condon (an Olivetti TES 501), Michael Crichton (also a TES 501), Frank M. Robinson (an IBM Memory Typewriter), and Thomas N. Scortia (a North Star Horizon II like David Gerrold’s). The British historical novelist Malcolm Ross-MacDonald recalls going to a com- puter exhibition in London in 1979, looking for a system geared toward a writer’s needs. “I want to draw a line round a bit of text and say to the com- puter: ‘Move that bit of text to . . . here!’ and touch the screen where I want it to be moved to,” he remembers having told a salesman, who replied, “The programs to do that probably exist somewhere, for a particular machine in a particular lab, for a particular application. But general computing isn’t moving in that direction at all.”118 Stuart Woods, meanwhile, claims that he remembers visualizing the idea of an electronic screen attached to a key- board while writing his  rst book in the mid-1970s.119 Not long afterward he saw an ad for the Lanier word processing system in an airline magazine; upon landing he called the company and was quoted the price tag. It was too expensive, but he soon (sometime in late 1979) wandered into a com- puter shop in Atlanta and emerged with an S-100 microcomputer called a Polymorphic, with a nine-inch black-and-white screen, 51⁄4-inch disk drives, and a printer. He used it to write his breakthrough novel, Chiefs (1981), which was later serialized as a CBS television series starring Charlton Heston; Woods also recalls transmitting the text to the computer of his pub- lisher W. W. Norton, an IBM 360—the book was supposedly typeset di- rectly from Woods’s electronic manuscript.As a general rule then, “word people” working in various forms of genre  ction tended to adopt word processing earlier than writers who perceived themselves to be engaged in the craft of belles lettres. For some this may be taken as proof positive that word processing marked an irreducible rupture with the muse—that to use a word processor was to admit that one’s words were mere commodities waiting to be properly milled and packaged. Cer- tainly science  ction authors and their compatriots believed word processing was a way to write more books more quickly with less fuss and less tedium.
118 TRACK CHANGESBut it was also—hopefully—a way to write them better, as Pournelle, Longyear, and others would testify. Many writers professed a newfound commitment to the craft of writing after their sojourns in the electronic empyrean. Whether or not the prose really did get “better” (by whatever standard) is a question I leave for readers of particular authors to debate.Similarly, it is a commonly held belief across a number of different genres that novels became noticeably longer after the advent of word processing. But it is important to remember that the marketplace for science  ction (and other genres) was changing rapidly during the 1980s, and in addition to the rise of chain bookstores and the newfound demand for best-sellers came the popularity of  lm and television tie-ins, especially in the Star Wars and Star Trek franchises.120 The bibliography of Vonda N. McIntyre is note- worthy here: the proli c SF writer had gotten an Osborne 1 very soon after they  rst became available in 1981.121 What followed was one of the most productive periods in her career, with a half-dozen Star Trek or Star Wars novelizations or tie-ins, and several other books besides, published in the next  ve years. Was all of this activity a function of the word processor? Was it a function of changes in the business of selling books? Or did it result from other, less obvious circumstances idiosyncratic to McIntyre’s life and career?Such questions seem to me impossible to adjudicate without focused biographical and critical scrutiny, and I am suspicious of any claims to account for broad shifts in literary trends solely through technological factors. Put an- other way, word processing doubtless played its part in the numbers and the girths of novels or other books—except for whenever it didn’t, as high- pro le examples like Ralph Ellison (another early Osborne user) or Harold Brodkey should remind us.122 Ultimately what gets published is a function of what the marketplace will bear, as much as or more than it’s a function of what writers do with their  ngertips at their keyboards, whether type- writer or word processor. And some authors face challenges that no writing machine is going to resolve, no matter its pedigree. Scholars who have ex- amined the manuscripts of Octavia Butler’s never-completed  nal novel, Parable of the Trickster (which she had begun as early as 1989, almost a decade before acquiring a computer), report that the surviving materials consist of “dozens upon dozens of false starts.” Butler worked and reworked her opening pages and scenes but never got very far before her death in 2006.123 Intensive iteration could create “magic,” as Gibson and Sterling had discovered; but it could also prove devastating. The literary history of word processing is marked by many different kinds of signposts.
 SIXTYPING ON GLASSWriting with light, writing on glass: “The day may come,” Wilfred A. Beeching declared on the closing page of his 1974 opus, Century of the Typewriter, “when the letter typed will appear in front of the operator on a television screen in any selected type face, and by pressing a button be transferred electronically to sensitized paper.”1In fact, however, such technologies were already well advanced even by 1974, both in academic and in organizational settings. In the commercial sector, companies like Lexitron, Linolex, Vydec, and Wang had all begun selling dedicated word processing systems featuring video display terminals in the early 1970s. (Lexitron’s was the  rst in 1971; Vydec’s in 1974 was the  rst to display a full page of text on the screen.) Beeching’s fanciful scenario would thus have already been familiar—mundane—to any of ce secretary who had been trained on Lexitron or its competitors’ equipment.2 The cre- ation of a working “TV Typewriter” (TVT) also soon became a rite of pas- sage for the home computer hobbyist. It was a key stepping stone for Steve Wozniak on the way to the Apple computer, and it featured prominently in the announcement for the  rst meeting of the Homebrew Computer Club: “Are you building your own computer? Terminal? T V Typewriter? I O [input/output] device? Or some other digital black-magic box?” read the ad that was posted around Silicon Valley in February 1975.3Computers themselves, of course, compute: which is to say they work by fundamentally arithmetical principles. An algorithm is a sequence of arithmetical steps. A program is a sequence of algorithms. The basic ar- chitecture of input, processing, storage, and output has been canonical in119
120 TRACK CHANGEScomputer science since John von Neumann published his “draft” report on the EDVAC in 1945.4 All of those different abstract components, however, require a corresponding instantiation in some physical medium. Com- puter storage, for example, has historically taken the form of everything from disks and tape to punched cards to magnetic drums, wires, mesh, and ringlets, even cathode ray tubes (before they were used as output devices). For much of the twentieth century the most common medium for receiving output from a computer was paper. Typewriters were  rst connected to computers as early as 1957.5 The most versatile output device was the Friden Flexowriter, which could deliver keyboard input to a computer as well as render its output, and do so on punched cards, paper tape, or a roll of typing paper. ASCII, the international standard of binary numbers des- ignating various alphanumeric signs, was originally designed for use with teletype machines, and so to this day includes seven-bit codes dedicated to vestigial hardware features such as the ringing of the terminal bell. (The initial choice of seven bits for the electronic alphabet was—at least according to one account—a concession to the tensile strength of paper.)6 Today, with the advent of virtual keyboards on our touchscreen tablets and phones, the screen and keyboard have at last merged or converged, physically coming together to occupy the same visual and tactile space.But the iconic conjunction of a cathode ray or video display and type- writer has a much more tangled history than many of us realize. When Peter Straub made out the check for his IBM Displaywriter, he remem- bers, “What excited me in the  rst place was the concept of being able to write on something like a television screen. I found that idea immensely appealing. I couldn’t exactly tell you why. It certainly smacked of the future.”7 Word processing on a personal computer must have seemed like future shock incarnate to any number of writers, Alvin Tof er’s widely read prognostications arriving humming, glowing, blinking on their desks in front of them. In this chapter we will look back to some of the  rst re- searchers and writers—working in close proximity to one another—who were in a position to glimpse that future, just beneath the surface of the glass.Douglas Englebart’s presentation of his oNLine System (NLS) on December 9, 1968, at a San Francisco computer science conference— known colloquially as “the mother of all demos”—is an obligatory touch-
Typing on Glass 121stone in this as in so many other computing histories. The NLS demo famously debuted such innovations as the mouse, windows, multimedia, col- laborative document editing, and remote videoconferencing. For much of this it relied on software for entering and editing text with a keyboard and rendering that text on what was then a  ve-inch television screen (for the dramatic public demonstration the screen was projected on a twenty-foot display, itself a notable feat).Watching in the audience that day was Andy van Dam, a Brown Univer- sity computer scientist who since 1967 had been independently working on his own screen editing systems, in partnership with fellow computer pio- neer, Ted Nelson. Their collaboration was to prove fraught, with Nelson de- parting Brown the following year.8 Van Dam had always emphasized the importance of being able to deliver print-ready documents to a user and steered the design of the system in that direction, whereas Nelson regarded the dictates of the printed page as far too limiting and an abdication of the full potential of what he preferred to call hypertext. “Hypertext” was a term coined by Nelson around 1965 or so, and it denoted not a particular system or technology so much as the idea (or ideal) of nonsequential reading and writing, with documents connected associatively by “links” or “trails” and fully integrated with images, video, and other media.9 Today, of course, we take such things for granted on the Web, though even the Web falls short of what Nelson imagined. Regardless of their disagreements, however, the Hypertext Editing System (HES) that van Dam and Nelson produced (which was reworked and re ned after Nelson’s departure by van Dam and col- leagues as the File Retrieval and Editing SyStem, or FRESS) was a land- mark, one of several early efforts that had independently and at about the same time arrived at something recognizable as word processing, using metaphors like cut and paste to manipulate and edit text on a video display screen. FRESS in particular was intended for a possible commercial deploy- ment, and van Dam recalls shopping demos to several prominent newspa- pers and publishing houses; he was told the technology was marvelous, but that it would take “decades” to catch on.10 Nonetheless, HES and FRESS would have important legacies at Brown, eventually involving promi- nent writers associated with the campus, notably Robert Coover and Rosmarie Waldrop, as well as writing instruction for students.11Meanwhile yet another young researcher back in the San Francisco Bay Area found himself thinking along similar lines. Like Douglas Englebart, Larry Tesler was af liated with Stanford University, in his case through the
122 TRACK CHANGESpioneering Stanford Arti cial Intelligence Laboratory (SAIL). At the time (to the best of his recollection either 1968 or 1969) he also volunteered at the Midpeninsula Free University, one of the community educational col- lectives that had become fashionable in the wake of the Berkeley Free Speech Movement. Tesler’s responsibilities included assembling a quarterly catalog of courses; he vividly remembers working with a mathematics in- structor named Jim Warren, fussing with scissors and X-Acto knives and glue and tape to  nalize the galleys for printing. “Someday this will be done on a computer screen,” Tesler commented. Warren didn’t understand, so Tesler found himself struggling to explain. “I tried to paint in the air what it would be like. . . . You had the screen, you could see the page on it, you could see the little clippings, and you would take some kind of pointing device . . . and Doug Englebart has this thing called the mouse . . . and there were light pens and touchpads.”12 SAIL in fact had Englebart’s NLS system installed, with display screens on individual researchers’ desks. “They were pretty crude at the time,” recalls Tesler. “White on green, all text.”13 Nonetheless, he was at least working from concrete experience as he haltingly explained the basics of the technology to Warren. But the more advanced features Tesler was imagining were not yet available in NLS or any other text ed- iting system he had yet seen. “While I was describing it to him, I was trying to make it up as I went along. I said you’d have a cut command and you’d have a paste command that would do what we’re doing here with scissors and tape.”14 Eventually he brought Warren to SAIL and showed him NLS. Warren was suf ciently impressed to go on to a signi cant career in computer science and publishing, founding a number of in uential industry publications; and he would create the annual West Coast Computer Faire (1977–1991), where the Kaypro and other notable computers made their debut. And Tesler, for his part, would soon have a chance to put his ideas into practice, as we will see.Not far from Stanford University lies the wooded expanse of Xerox’s Palo Alto Research Center (PARC), the famously cloistered research campus that opened in 1970 and is now venerated as the place where Steve Jobs  rst saw a demonstration of the ideas and concepts that would help inspire the Mac- intosh. While the story about Xerox’s failure to effectively commercialize those ideas is well known, the sequence of events behind the actual systems and their development is complex, involving multiple generations of hard- ware and software.15 The computer that Jobs famously saw demonstrated at PARC in 1979 (by none other than Larry Tesler, who had by then been
Typing on Glass 123working there for the past six years) was called the Alto, which had been prototyped as early as 1973.16The Xerox Alto is not to be confused with the Altair 8800, the machine that famously graced the cover of Popular Electronics in January 1975 and (so the story goes) motivated Bill Gates to leave Harvard. (The Altair com- municated its output to users, not on a screen or even on paper, but through gnomic blinking LED lights, the epitome of the “digital black-magic box” mentioned by the Homebrew Computer Club.)17 Unlike the Altair, then, the Alto was a fully functioning graphical computer system, years ahead of its time. Its  rst demo program displayed a high-resolution image of Sesame Street’s Cookie Monster. Like Englebart’s NLS, the Alto adopted a series of visual metaphors based on windows, and it featured a mouse along with the keyboard as the basis of user interaction. Unlike the NLS, however, the Alto was built around a new technical approach to display technologies called bitmapping. Bitmapping treated the entire screen as a kind of grid whose individual units—pixels—could be turned on or off by the pro- grammed logic of the computer. This in turn enabled far more sophisticated forms of graphical interaction, as well as the kind of visual  delity portended by the Cookie Monster rendering. Michael A. Hiltzik compares the signi - cance of that disarmingly playful image to Alexander Graham Bell’s  rst throwaway words spoken over a telephone line: “He [Alto designer Chuck Thacker] knew he had done more than create a novelty. He and his col- leagues had reduced the computer to human scale and recast its destiny forever.”18 The difference between the Alto, in other words, and the green- and-white display screens Tesler had brought Warren to see at SAIL—which were known as “calligraphic” displays for the way they rendered characters as individual lines or strokes—could not have been more pronounced. More- over, the Alto’s screen was designed to emulate paper, with dimensions of 81⁄2 by 11 inches and a vertical orientation.19Unsurprisingly, one of the  rst applications was a text editor. The job of creating it fell to Charles Simonyi, a Hungarian-born computer prodigy who by 1972 had found his way to the United States and to PARC. In 1981 he would leave Palo Alto to go to Microsoft, where he would become the lead architect for Microsoft Word and Excel. In between, however, the project with which he was most closely associated at PARC was called Bravo. (In key respects Bravo would become the model for Microsoft Word.) When Simonyi began work on it, there were no direct precedents to draw from. Like Tesler speaking to his fellow university instructor, he groped for
124 TRACK CHANGESmetaphors and models: “I could see books in their entirety  owing in front of you, virtual books and everything,” he comments. “In retrospect it all seems so obvious. Uh-uh, it wasn’t obvious to anyone. This stuff was in the future then.”20 That sentiment is con rmed by Andy van Dam, who con- cludes, in a 1971 paper surveying the state-of-the-art in screen editing, “the imaginative use of computers for on-line composition and extensive manipulation of free-form text is still in the early stages of experimenta- tion.”21 Van Dam, a distinguished computer scientist and certainly one of the leading authorities on the history of text processing systems, is in fact speaking with some precision here; two terms in his expert summation— “on-line” and “free-form”—are worth closer examination.Today we mainly use “online” to mean the Web or social media, but the term once had a more speci c connotation, as the slight dissonance of the vestigial hyphen in “on-line composition” reminds us. Because the status of systems or devices as being “on-line” can be important for legal or regula- tory purposes, the use of the term is codi ed in a federal standard; its tech- nical application is dependent upon one system or device being under the control of another system or device.22 The emphasis on whether one device is being “controlled” by another or not makes sense when we remember the actual conditions of computing at the time: personal computers as such didn’t exist—the Alto was arguably the  rst (actually, technically, its processor was housed in a so-called “minicomputer”). Because computing resources were so precious, the idea that a machine might be dedicated to the exclusive use of an individual was all but unthinkable. Computers thus worked through batch processing or time-sharing models, with users con- nected to the central processing unit by terminals. Terminals themselves took a variety of forms, differentiated as both “smart” and “dumb” depen- dent on their capabilities; initially a terminal was nothing more than a type- writer connected to the computer by a telephone line to receive input and output—a teletype. By the mid-1960s, there was rapidly increasing use of CRTs, sometimes called “glass teletypes” (though the less expensive and more reliable paper-based teletypes remained commonplace well into the 1970s).23 Writing “free-form” prose—the second of van Dam’s key distinctions—would never have been encouraged “on-line” because it was perceived to be such a mundane task. (Speci cally, “free-form” text was taken to mean “insertions and substitutions of arbitrarily sized character strings at arbitrary points in the manuscript,” perhaps as stark a de nition of word processing as can be imagined.)24 Even actual program code—the
Typing on Glass 125opposite of free-form text—was ideally meant to be edited of ine, though in practice programmers often  outed that dictum in the interest of expe- diency. Investment in systems for editing “free-form” text while a terminal was in its “on-line” state was thus a considerable conceptual leap as well as a professional risk, and the foresight of key  gures like Englebart, Simonyi, Tesler, Nelson, and van Dam—all of whom were coming to a more or less common set of ideas at about the same time—should not be underestimated. “With a CRT display,” van Dam wrote in 1971, “the editor may think out and implement his changes simultaneously.”25 The elimination of any delay between “thinking out” and implementation comes very close to the essence of word processing, the simultaneous real-time manipulation of a represen- tation of a document coupled with the suspension of its inscription in im- mutable form that we examined back in Chapter 2.Those privileged enough to be close to these developments were quick to grasp their potential. One such story concerns a young researcher named Douglas Hofstadter. Hofstadter had recently earned his doctorate and was looking for a teaching position, but in the meantime, by late 1975, he was living at his family’s home in Palo Alto—largely distracted from his academic career by ideas for a book that would somehow unify the contri- butions of key  gures from mathematics, music, and the arts through a new theory of cognition. These ideas became Gödel, Escher, Bach (1979), his “metaphorical fugue on minds and machines in the spirit of Lewis Carroll.” Hofstadter wrote its  nal version using TV-EDIT, yet another example of an early mainframe text editor, which he had access to at nearby Stanford University, where (like NLS) it had been developed under Englebart’s supervision. Hofstadter has since stated he couldn’t imagine having  nished the book without it: the prose “just  owed out . . . ever so smoothly.”26Back at PARC, the speci c technical innovations on which Simonyi built Bravo ended up saving enough in the way of system resources—memory— that rich graphical effects and embellishments could be used to augment the on-screen text, thus taking advantage of the bitmapped display.27 Basic formatting features such as boldface, italics, and underlining, which we take for granted today, were unheard of at the time—but easily fell within Bravo’s unique capabilities. Bravo was so good at duplicating the appearance of a printed page that Simonyi and his PARC colleagues created a canned demonstration that consisted of showing a business letter with complex formatting features (including the Xerox logo) on the screen and then
126 TRACK CHANGESsuperimposing a transparency that had been printed from the same elec- tronic  le on one of PARC’s laser printers, another key technology that was being developed at the same time. As Simonyi tells it, at one such demo a representative from Citibank spoke up with the tagline used by come- dian Flip Wilson when playing his character Geraldine on the TV show “Laugh-In”: “What you see is what you get.”28WYSIWYG was to become one of the perennial grails of word processing, requiring ongoing innovation not only in software but also in hardware tech- nology, notably laser printers, which would not be commercialized until the end of the decade. Alto and Bravo were never commercialized at all, though PARC eventually manufactured several thousand of the systems and farmed them out to various academic and government locales. At PARC, though, even in the early days, once word about Bravo began to spread, em- ployees and their families would come in after hours to work with it. PhD dissertations (many for nearby Stanford) were one favorite use of the ma- chines. Other people produced newsletters or  iers, or simply wrote letters. Simonyi suggests this is probably the  rst time computers as we would recognize them were used by what he describes as “average persons.”29 Perhaps a teenager would come in to write a school report. And likely as not, someone, enticed by the softly glowing screen that looked so much like a sheet of paper, was moved to write some poetry, or a piece of  ction. If so, however, these efforts are lost to us.But at least two other literary episodes associated with PARC are worth recounting. One we will explore in the next section; the other is a direct outgrowth of further re nements to the Bravo interface that were undertaken by Larry Tesler, who had moved to PARC from SAIL in 1973. The basic features of Bravo were  nished by the following year, but there was then a push to improve the user experience. In particular, Bravo relied heavily on modes, a concept we have already encountered in conjunction with WordStar. This created problems. If a user typed the four-character sequence E, D, I, T into Bravo while it was in the wrong “mode,” rather than echoing the word “edit” on the screen the system would instead do the following:  rst, it selected the Entire document; second, it Deleted it; third, it would Insert whatever the next character to be entered happened to be—in this case, T.30 Simonyi, cleverly, had implemented a Replay feature in Bravo which could be used to rewind and recover the document in such instances—but only if one timed things so that the “replay” stopped just short of the fatal character sequence.31
 1. MT/ST prototype, 1957. Two separate devices were used to store and retrieve text: a keypunch (left) for input and an electric typewriter (right) for output. Note also the mount for the recording tape in the center.
 2. Len Deighton at work on Bomber in his high-tech home of ce at 29 Merrick Square, London, in 1968. The MT/ST is visible in the foreground. Also visible are his Selectric typewriter with its roll of telex paper atop the improvised standing desk, residue from the telex paper littering the  oor (and the telex machine itself to the right), and a map of North Central Europe (the setting for the book) on the far wall.3. In a contemporaneous photograph taken from the same angle, a glimpse of Ellenor Handley at work on the MT/ST. 
 4. “Think Tape.” A page from an IBM MT/ST operator’s manual. Note the way in which the diagrammatic illustration of how characters are stored is spliced to the photorealistic rendition of an actual tape reel.
 5. The Redactron Corporation’s “Death of the Dead-End Secretary” ad for their Data Secretary product (a direct competitor to the MT/ST). It appeared in the December 1971 preview issue of Gloria Steinem’s Ms. magazine. The connections between the supposedly emancipatory promise of word processing and the burgeoning women’s movement were made explicit, complete with the promise of what we would nowadays call swag. The ad is signed by the company’s president, Evelyn Berezin.
 6. Note to Larry Tesler from Nilo Lindgren, a technical writer hired by Xerox PARC to produce documentation for Bravo / Gypsy. Lindgren had stayed up all night experimenting with the system. His note tells Tesler, the lead designer, that he felt like using the software to write a novel. The note was typed on Gypsy, and printed from one of PARC’s then cutting-edge laser printers.
 7. Hard-copy draft of John Hersey’s My Petition for More Space, date-stamped May 22, 1973 and printed from the PDP-10 at Yale University.
 8. John Hersey’s spiral notebook where he kept a crib sheet of commands for the Yale Editor.
 10. In this fanciful drawing from a 1982 Perfect Writer software manual, the concept of “scrolling” is illustrated for the novice by means of an imaginary roll of paper depicted as if it were moving inside the monitor. Perfect Writer was a CP/M-based word processor that shipped with the Kaypro II, and a competitor to WordStar. New users tended to worry about what happened to text when it scrolled off the top or bottom of the screen.9. Cover of the1979 debut issue of onComputing magazine, a spin-off of the better- known Byte. Jerry Pournelle’s “Writing with a Microcomputer,” in which he  rst details coming to grips with his Cromemco Z-80, “Zeke,” is a feature story. onComputing would become Popular Computing in 1981, the year Isaac Asimov would write about his own word processing experiences for the magazine. Cover design by Robert Tinney. 
 11. Stanley Elkin at the “Bubble Machine,” his affectionate name for the Lexitron word processor that Washington University purchased for him in 1979.12. This caricature drawing by Jack Gaughan, which accompanied the debate between Barry Longyear (left) and Jerry Pournelle (right) in the August 1981 issue of Asimov’s magazine, captures much of the anxiety around early word processing. The two writers get swallowed up by their machines to become both input and output in a never-ending paper loop. 
13. Gag pieces positing graphite pencils or fountain pens as feature- laden “word processors” were a staple of the 1980s computer press. Peter A. McWilliams stretched the joke to a full-length book in The McWilliams II Word Processor Instruction Manual (1983), product of his faux “McWilliams Computer Corporation,” spoo ng the kind of titles that were suddenly ubiquitous on bookstore shelves.  14. Stephen King with his Wang System 5 Model 3 word processor in 1982, as seen in the short  lm “I Sleep with the Lights On,” made that year for the Public Information Of ce, University of Maine at Orono, by Henry Nevison in association with WABI-TV, Bangor.
 15. “The Smartest Way to Write.” Trading on Dr. Asimov’s public image as a brainy writer, Tandy Radio Shack featured him in a series of advertisements for the TRS-80 and the Scripsit word processing program, the software and computer Asimov used for over a decade. The ads were a common sight in newsstand computer magazines. This one is from Byte, January 1983.
 16. John Updike in 1987 with the Wangwriter II he used for much of the decade. The word processor never replaced Updike’s typewriters or pencil—both of which he continued to favor for drafts—but it did replace his typist as he became accustomed to editing and revising directly on the screen. 17. Hard-copy draft of John Updike’s “INVALID. KEYSTROKE,” with handwritten revisions (including the title), as printed from his Wangwriter II inMarch 1983. In a departure from his usual habit of composing poetry with a pencil, Updike had produced these lines directly at the computer shortly after its arrival in his home.
 18. Ralph Ellison in 1986 with the Osborne 1 computer he had purchased four years earlier. Note the external monitor used in lieu of the diminutive built-in screen. Sold bundled with WordStar and nominally portable, the Osborne was a popular  rst computer for many writers, including also Michael Chabon, Vonda N. McIntyre, and Anne Rice.19. Eve Kosofsky Sedgwick at work on Between Men ca. 1982, with her Osborne 1 computer. Like the laptops and tablets that would eventually follow,  rst-generation “luggables” like the Osborne and Kaypro changed the array of potential postures and locales for writing with a computer. 
 20. “Old writer . . . leers into computer.” By 1995 when R. Crumb produced this drawing of Charles Bukowski, the computer was fully on its way to becoming assimilated into the stock of cultural imagery around writing and authorship. Bukowski had been using a Macintosh IIsi since Christmas 1990.
 21. Over a dozen of John Updike’s “lost” Wang computer diskettes were  shed from his curbside trash between 2006 and 2009 by a private collector. Any of these disks—whose contents may still be readable using forensic computing technology—might hold electronic drafts of works or versions of works that don’t otherwise survive. This one was apparently once used to save portions of The Witches of Eastwick, and then later for reviews.
 22. Ellenor Handley with the “master” manuscript of Bomber in 2013. Note the bite marks along the edge of the page where it was gripped by the “unseen hands” of the MT/ST’s tractor feed.
Typing on Glass 127Around 1974 Tesler and a few colleagues commandeered one of the Altos and set to work implementing a modeless interface for Bravo, which they named Gypsy. “This was the  rst editor, the  rst word processor, that worked like the ones today,” he claims. He narrates a typical work ow: “Point with a mouse, drag, double-click, cut, copy, paste, undo—that combination did not exist before Gypsy.”32 Xerox was suf ciently impressed with Tesler’s efforts that they hired a science writer, Nilo Lindgren—who was also then researching what proved to be an un nished book about Douglas Englebart—to document the new editing system.33As Tesler tells it, he sat Lindgren down to demonstrate how to operate the Gypsy interface.34 He then went home for the night. The next morning— June 16, 1975—Tesler found a note that began: “Larry Tesler . . . I have gotten hooked on this system! I would love to write a novel on this ma- chine.”35 Lindgren had added: “It is 5 a.m. and I am feeling regret at having to give up working on this system. It is an unusual experience and one I never expected. I appreciate your kindness more than you may realize.”36 It was signed “Nilo,” but the note itself had been typed and printed from Gypsy, which, with its menus and icons, was remarkably contemporary in its appearance and behaviors.Lindgren never did write a novel, and died in 1992. However that plainly joyous note, composed after an apparently sleepless night spent exploring the system, testi es to just how powerful such a prospect must have seemed.The Altos remained in use at Xerox PARC throughout the 1970s. Steve Jobs’s famous pilgrimage to PARC wasn’t to come until December 1979. It would be another half decade before the Alto’s most important design features, including the bitmapped display, windows, and the mouse, were brought to market as Apple’s  rst Macintosh computer in early 1984. (Xerox did attempt to introduce a graphical computer system incorporating some of Alto’s capabilities in 1981; called the Xerox Star, it was marketed to busi- nesses rather than to personal users, was expensive, and had to compete with dedicated word processing systems; thus it was never a commercial success.) Though the Jobs visit is the one that will remain inscribed in legend, there were many outsiders who came through PARC, and the Alto, Bravo, and Gypsy teams did many demos. A year or so before the group from Apple, a young Hollywood screenwriter named Bonnie MacBird showed up. She had an unusual background: she had read about PARC in Ted Nelson’s book 
128 TRACK CHANGESComputer Lib / Dream Machines (1974) and had studied with Donald Knuth, one of the world’s foremost computer scientists, at Stanford. She was also working on a rather unusual script.MacBird had recently left a writing position at Universal Studios for a new production company run by Steven Lisberger specializing in animated  lms and computer graphics. Lisberger had an idea for a movie about video games, which were quickly becoming the rage in coin-operated arcades (Space In- vaders had just been released in the United States by Midway). The  lm Lisberger envisioned would feature a computer warrior character named Tron (as in “electron”), and take advantage of new special effects techniques. Lisberger hired MacBird, and they went out on a listening tour, which brought them to PARC, where they were received by Alan Kay.Alan Kay is one of the truly legendary names in the computer industry: he coined the term “object-oriented programming” and foresaw tablet com- puting with a prototype device called the DynaBook.37 His career would eventually take him to both Apple and Walt Disney. Like Andy van Dam and Larry Tesler, he had been present for Englebart’s famous NLS demo in 1968. And like Tesler and Simonyi, he had spent the better part of the decade at Xerox PARC. One of his projects there was called SmallTalk, an early so-called object-oriented language. Kay was interested in demo- cratizing knowledge of computer programming, and conceived of Small- Talk as a kind of creative complement to the Alto, allowing an untrained user to write programs by pointing and clicking through a graphical inter- face (Frank Herbert’s ambitions for PROGRAMAP were thus squarely in line with it, and Kay would have grasped the purpose of Herbert’s  ow- charts and keyboard design immediately). MacBird vividly recalls her visit in late 1978:The last interview of the day was Alan Kay, then still at Xerox PARC. . . . It was Alan’s group that inspired Steve Jobs to envision what was to become the Mac. Alan’s group is credited for developing object-oriented program- ming and the  rst implementation of the graphical user interface that is the face of personal computing today. Alan even coined the term “personal com- puter.” So this visit was really to the mother lode. And way ahead of the curve. People had not even heard of this stuff yet. It was a big deal for all of us. Alan talked for close to four hours about computers, education, music, early childhood, theatre, storytelling, science, psychology, learning, arti cial intelligence, programming, science  ction, biology, humanism, evolution,
Typing on Glass 129 Bach, Buckminster Fuller, philosophy, neurology, aesthetics, and the future,the future, and the future. Steven and I had our minds blown.38MacBird had already been thinking that the  lm would hinge upon the contrast between the world inside and outside of the computer; the three developed a rapport, and she and Lisberger hired Kay as their technical consultant. MacBird also decided that the  lm needed an Alan Kay–like character, and wrote him into the script as a master programmer named Alan Bradley, or “Alan-1.” Kay, meanwhile, had an idea. He knew that Mac- Bird was still in the thick of writing and editing the script, which would eventually go through eight major rewrites. At the time she was working on legal pads and an electric typewriter. Kay invited her to input the text into the Alto and  nish writing and editing it on site at PARC (much as Xerox employees and their relations had been doing after hours for years).MacBird  rst used a standard teletype to connect to PARC remotely from Los Angeles and inputted the existing draft of the screenplay so it would be waiting for her when she arrived. “While the data entry was kludgy for get- ting Tron into the Alto from afar,” she recalls, “once up in Palo Alto, working on the Alto was gold and I wrote and rewrote, cutting and pasting, drafting like the wind in writer’s heaven.”39 The Gypsy interface, with its sophisti- cated formatting capabilities and WYSIWYG printing capabilities, was ide- ally suited for the task. Kay showed off the variety of different fonts the system could handle, but MacBird insisted on Courier. “Why? Because only something that looked like it was hot off a writer’s typewriter would be re- ceived with interest by the studios. I know that from my years as a develop- ment exec at Universal prior to becoming a writer.”40 (As we have seen, this attitude would persist well into the next decade: Publishers sometimes shunned manuscripts that were self-evidently prepared on a word processor.) Much like Nilo Lindgren before her, MacBird quickly grasped the poten- tial of this new mode of on-screen writing. Her recollections capture that enthusiasm: “There was very little ramp up. It was truly WYSIWYG, and though I had never seen anything like it, it was instant love. Wow, rewriting on the  y! Fantastic! Seeing a whole page at a time, amazing! Printing al- most instantly, wow!”41 Indeed, the availability of laser printer technology at PARC proved vital to her experience with the Alto. Unlike authors like Pournelle, who could spend hours printing and then “busting out” their manuscript pages on large, loud, and temperamental impact printers, Mac- Bird recalls that “the printer down the hall spit out pages at less than one
130 TRACK CHANGESper second.”42 She elaborates: “Familiar as I was with scripts due to my experience at Universal, I could sense the  ow of a scene by how it looked on the page—and being able to see a whole page was critical. Unfortu- nately it was a long time before I had that again!”43Tron was released in 1982, the same year Time magazine named the com- puter “Machine of the Year.” (The issue featured conspicuously Tron-like imagery on its cover.) The  lm’s box of ce fell short of expectations, though reviews were generally positive. It has since, of course, become a touchstone of popular culture. Like so much science  ction before it, Tron revolved around the machinations of a malevolent supercomputer. What was different about the  lm, though, was that Tron created a visual identity for the com- puter’s internal dimensions. Not rows of blinking lights and spitting teletype printers, not hulking room- or building- or planet-size conglomerations, but something very much like “cyberspace,” the word we already know that William Gibson (himself inspired by arcade machines) would coin the fol- lowing year, limning something very close to the luminescent ray-traced imagery of Tron in his prose. Tron’s signi cance, however, lies not just in its advancement of science  ction as a genre, and not just in its special effects and innovations, but also in the symbiosis between the technical speci cs of those innovations and the  lm’s subject. Its computer-aided graphics were placed in the service of the  rst cinematic and one of the very  rst widespread visual depictions of a computer’s internal operations, the world that existed on the other side of the glass screen.44 Ironically, despite multiple Oscar nominations, the Motion Picture Academy refused to consider the  lm in the special effects category because the use of com- puters was seen as cheating, an attitude that we have also seen manifest itself in relation to writing.Looking straight through the glass screen that more and more people by that time were just becoming accustomed to looking at on its surface, Tron took advantage of computers to imagine (and depict) the interior space of computing, opening up a new landscape for science  ction. But MacBird’s story of how the  nal drafts of the script were written on an Alto computer at PARC (running Gypsy) in 1979 is not nearly as widely known. This is all the more striking given that the very same concepts of graphics and inter- activity widely acknowledged as essential to the aesthetic of the  lm were, as we have seen, the conceptual foundation of the Alto and Gypsy, and thus the essence of her experience using it as a working writer. Indeed, though MacBird instantly became a convert to word processing, she had to wait
Typing on Glass 131until the Macintosh before  nding a computer that could again approach the Alto’s capabilities. She and Kay are unequivocal, though, in their de- scription of the central role Alto played in  nishing the script (which was, in the normal Hollywood way, to be rewritten extensively once again, following its acquisition by Disney—her screenwriting credit was eventually resolved by arbitration).45 As for Kay and MacBird’s relationship, it too  our- ished. In 1983 they married.The walk from Pierson College to the Becton Center on the campus of Yale University is a short one. Pierson, Yale’s largest residential college—all red brick and white columns in the Georgian style—is three blocks from New Haven Green. In the early 1970s it was home to some 350 undergraduates and had a reputation as one of Yale’s more rambunctious addresses. Within the building housing Pierson Tower (the tall spire that is its most visible landmark) was the Pierson Press, founded in 1948, part of the tradition of letterpress printing and the book arts preeminent in the Yale residential colleges (one source describes these as, collectively, “an infrastructure unmatched in the United States, and quite possibly the world”).46 The Pierson Press’s centerpiece was a Colts Armory platen press, in the estimation of many the  nest instrument of its kind.47 In those days before desktop publishing it was used by students for chapbooks, little magazines, broadsides and advertisements for campus activities, ephemera, and small jobs of all kinds.48The Becton Center, by contrast, presented a rather different milieu. A 133,000 square-foot modernist concrete blockhouse on Prospect Street, designed by Marcel Breuer, it had opened just recently (in 1970) to house Yale’s School of Engineering and Applied Science. To get from the one place to the other, one might follow Pierson Walk out of Pierson Tower and out onto busy York Street, then proceed past Trumbull College, Sterling Library, and the Law School until reaching the unexpected expanse of the Grove Street Cemetery. There, to the left looms the gothic façade of the Payne- Whitney Gymnasium, and to the right, and thence onto Prospect, lies the Becton. No more than a ten-minute stroll, even if one paused for a casual word with an acquaintance.In the spring of 1973 John Hersey would have occasion to make that walk often. Born to missionary parents in 1914 in China, Hersey had been edu- cated at Yale (Skull and Bones 1935) and so had long-standing ties to the
132 TRACK CHANGEScampus. In 1965 he had returned to take up a  ve-year residence as master of Pierson.49 Before doing so, however, he had managed to see a good bit of the world and had become one of the most recognized writers of  ction and non ction in America. After a brief stint working for Sinclair Lewis, he had begun his career as a war correspondent, reporting from throughout Eu- rope and the Paci c during World War II. By the time the armistice with Japan was signed he was a regular contributor to Time, Life, and the New Yorker. Hersey found himself in Hiroshima during the winter of 1945–1946 and began the research for what would become a groundbreaking 30,000- word story about the bombing and its aftermath, centering on the experi- ences of six survivors. The piece consumed the entirety of the August 31, 1946, issue of the New Yorker—there were no other articles printed, nor were the magazine’s signature cartoons present. The editors took this un- usual step, as they wrote, “in the conviction that few of us have yet compre- hended the all but incredible destructive power of this weapon, and that everyone might well take time to consider the terrible implications of its use.”50 Hiroshima was published in book form by Knopf later that same year, and it has remained in print ever since, widely lauded as one of the most signi cant non ction books of the twentieth century. Notable for its unsparing descriptions of the blast effects and the wounds suffered by the bomb’s victims, it has also frequently been identi ed with the rise of the New Journalism, a label Hersey himself sought to resist. Hersey was also by then an accomplished  ction writer, and his 1944 novel A Bell for Adano (set in Italy during the war) had won him a Pulitzer Prize.By 1965, however, after two decades of global travel, writing, and re- porting, he was ready to put down roots with his second wife, Barbara, and so accepted the unexpected offer of the position of master at Pierson (the  rst nonacademic ever to hold the post). Besides his collegiate duties he maintained an active writing regimen every morning, publishing two ad- ditional novels and a non ction book about an incidence of police violence during Detroit’s so-called 12th Street Riot. Hersey remained the college’s master for  ve tumultuous years—his term for them was “explosive”51—that saw him through campus activism related to the Vietnam War and civil rights, culminating in the dramatic Mayday protests of 1970 when Bobby Seale and Erikka Huggins of the Black Panther movement were on trial in New Haven. (He wrote about these events in a volume entitled A Letter to Alumni published at the end of his term.) After a year abroad at the Ameri- can Academy in Rome, Hersey again returned to Yale and a more relaxed
Typing on Glass 133routine at Pierson to begin teaching writing seminars there. He also soon found himself at work on another novel—not an unusual circumstance for him, in the least, but the manner in which he would end up writing it would prove very unusual indeed.Hersey was also an avid and accomplished letterpress printer. During his tenure at Yale, he had overseen the relocation of the Pierson Press from its original basement room to its then-current locale in a converted two-story squash court adjacent to Pierson College Library, where he had made it a showcase among the college presses. This work had resulted in a friendship and collaboration with Alvin Eisenman, head of the graphic design depart- ment in the Yale School of Art. Sometime in late 1972 or early 1973, not long after his return to campus, Eisenman came to Hersey with a proposal.52 A faculty member named Peter Weiner had recently arrived from Princeton to establish Yale’s Department of Computer Science, the discipline still being very new at the time. Weiner had a particular vision for computing at Yale: not wishing to see it sequestered in engineering and the sciences, he sought to make a campus-wide push to integrate computing into as many subjects as possible.53 With the department’s cofounder, Edgar (“Ned”) Irons, Weiner had been able to acquire a half-million-dollar DEC PDP-10 mainframe computer (a descendent of the PDP-1, which ran Expensive Typewriter at MIT). The PDP-10 was a time-sharing system, meaning many different users could share it—interact with it—at the same time. This ca- pability alone suggested radical new possibilities and was fully compatible with Weiner’s vision. He and Eisenman had already worked together to con- nect a Mergenthaler Super-Quick phototypesetting machine to the PDP- 10, writing custom control software for it with the assistance of colleagues and students. Crucially, Weiner also had a way of inputting text, something called an “editor”; it was like a typewriter, Eisenman would have explained, but the words appeared on a glass screen instead—they could be edited and revised at will before being printed. With the Mergenthaler, it would even be possible to typeset the book and deliver camera-ready copy to Hersey’s longtime publisher, Knopf. It seemed like an interesting experiment, a way of validating Weiner’s idea that computing could be applicable far beyond the usual narrow range of disciplines. Was Hersey interested?He was. By then Hersey had completed a longhand draft of the current book in progress, a work of dystopian speculative  ction entitled My Peti- tion for More Space.54 Given his experience as a printer, the idea of having complete creative control over the book’s appearance was irresistible. And
134 TRACK CHANGESthe “editor” seemed like a good way to save some time. So Hersey agreed to give it a try. The Yale Editor as it was known (it was also called simply “E”) was the work of Ned Irons, who had accompanied Weiner to New Haven.55 He had built a previous incarnation of it at the Institute for De- fense Analysis in Princeton, sometime around 1967; it was certainly one of the very earliest CRT-based text editors, more or less contemporaneous with the initial experiments of Andy van Dam, Ted Nelson, and Douglas Engle- bart. It would go on to spawn a number of derivatives, notably the so-called RAND editor, and NED (New Editor, also eponymous of its creator).What was most distinctive about the Yale Editor, however, was not just its reliance upon a CRT but the actual computational model of text that it instantiated. Other editors that were available at the time treated the text as essentially one long alphanumeric statement, arrayed in an endless hori- zontal row (in practice, constrained only by the limits of system memory and resources).56 Line breaks were a function of special characters or the properties of the associated display system. Irons’s editors were different. They introduced what became known in technical parlance as the “quarter plane” model, meaning that the text became something like a canvas. The user worked through a rectangular window onto that canvas—the top left- hand corner (or quadrant) by default—with potentially unlimited horizontal and vertical extensibility. In other words, the editor treated the writing space as a vast two-dimensional sheet of paper rather than as a one-dimensional string.57 Irons himself used the analogy of working with the window of a micro lm reader.58 The consequences were signi cant in terms of both the features that could be enabled and the technical speci cs of how the ter- minal managed information vis-à-vis the mainframe. Hersey, of course, would not have known any of this, and doubtless would have cared less. What he knew was that he had something new and potentially very powerful on his hands.The PDP-10 was housed in the Becton Center in its own air-conditioned room with raised  oors for the wiring.59 The terminals, however, some ten of them, were in nearby Dunham Laboratory. Student users, at least, were expected to reserve time in one-hour blocks and bring with them 3⁄4-inch magnetic DECtape reels (available at the bookstore for ten dollars apiece) for storing their data. Working on the book would have meant walking over to the lab and initiating a session on the PDP-10.60 Hersey would have been seated in front of a display known as a Sugarman Laboratories CRT, one if the  rst of its kind commercially available, which accommodated 80 char-
Typing on Glass 135acters of text across the slightly convex glass screen, and 20 lines down. The text was presented in plain white phosphor. By his side was a spiral note- book in which he kept a careful shorthand list of instructions and reminders. Just a few pages covered all of the basics needed to create and open  les, perform the typing and revision functions, print a hard copy, and save the results to the tape reel. At least initially, he would have had to refer to it often.We can reconstruct in some detail what would have been a typical ses- sion with the Editor for Hersey. Just as with many computers today,  rst he had to login. He typed LOG 31,353 and pressed a black key on the right- hand side of the keyboard labeled ESC for Escape (the seemingly random numerals were in fact a “project” and “programmer” number, in other words his unique account ID). Logging onto the PDP-10 also automatically placed one into the Editor, so Hersey was now ready to start working (the assump- tion was that most users would immediately wish to write a program to run on the machine, thus the Editor was the default environment). Most of the Editor’s commands were initiated by pressing the ESC key (also referred to as the Enter key in the documentation) and then inputting a parameter of some sort, followed by the desired command to execute, itself speci ed with the blue Control key on the left-hand side of the keyboard and a seemingly arbitrary letter in chorded combination with one another. Opening a  le thus meant pressing ESC, entering the  le name, and then chording the Control-B combination. Hersey maintained separate  les for each chapter. (He named them simply ONE, TWO, THREE, and so on.) Inserting and deleting text similarly required Control-key combinations, and Hersey needed to learn separate ones for inserting (or deleting) a line versus in- serting (or deleting) a character. Moreover, unlike today’s word processors, the Editor stipulated that the requisite number of spaces  rst be inserted into the document before one could type the desired addition.Let’s take an actual example. The second line of the book begins: “The tight-packed column of citizens four abreast stretches back along Church Street to the corner of Elm.” Hersey made no changes from his handwritten draft except for the addition of the word “back,” which was performed with the Editor. To accomplish this, Hersey would  rst have had to maneuver the cursor (more Control-combinations!) to the blank space between “stretches” and “along.” He would have pressed ESC, then entered “5,” then chorded the Control and the A keys. This would have inserted  ve blank spaces into the document, one for each letter of the word plus one additional.
136 TRACK CHANGESOnly then could he proceed to type “back” into the spaces he had thus petitioned for. To “pick” (or copy) four lines of text, Hersey would similarly situate the cursor at the beginning of the  rst line, press ESC (in other words, changing modes), enter 4, and then execute the Control-K combina- tion. To “put” (paste) this same text, he would follow the same procedure, only with Control-G. Moving upward or downward in the  le? More Control-combinations. Nonetheless, he caught on soon enough. “It took about a month to get used to looking at words on a screen, almost as if in a new language,” he recalled. “But once that was past, it seemed just like using a typewriter.”61 He found the Search function (initiated by pressing ESC, entering the desired search string, and then either Control-R or Control-E to search forward or backward from the current location) of particular bene t: “If I used an out-of-the-way word and had a dim memory of having used it a hundred pages earlier, I could simply type the word and ask the machine to  nd it, and there it would be, in its context, right away, instead of my having to rif e through a hundred pages and spend two or three hours looking for it. It was simply a time-saver.”62Hersey printed out his chapters as he worked, one every couple of days, carrying the spindled, fanfold sheets back to Pierson, where he would some- times mark changes with a pencil to be input at the next session. Though he revised numerous words and phrasings, he did not appear to add or re- move substantial portions of the text once it had been input into the Editor. In this he conforms to what Hannah Sullivan has termed a substitutive re- vision practice, which she sees as characteristic of screen-based authorial editing.63 But revising the text was only part of the allure of the computer for Hersey. From the outset, as evidenced by a hand-drawn colored design on the manuscript title page, he intended that the visual layout would re- inforce the book’s core themes. Here the capabilities of the PDP-10, via the attached Mergenthaler equipment, would be of paramount importance.The Mergenthaler Super-Quick was state-of-the-art in phototypesetting at the time. It had four photographic glass plates (they were sometimes said to resemble a windmill), and it was typically fed its text input and format- ting codes by paper (TTS) tape.64 By the early 1970s, however, it was be- coming increasingly commonplace to control the codes by computers, most often an IBM machine or a member of the DEC PDP family.65 Weiner’s colleagues (Bob Tuttle, Walt Bilofsky, and Jim Sustman) had written their own custom software to accomplish this feat, which they dubbed LINTRN. The documentation they provided was not particularly encouraging. The
Typing on Glass 137software, they admitted, would make the equipment “if not easy to use, at least usable.”66 Nonetheless, Hersey, the trained printer, threw himself into the task of learning the arcane cant of LINTRN with gusto—it was far more complex than just coming up to speed on the Editor— lling pages with notes about formatting codes and his mockups for how the layout should look. By June 1973 he was fully invested in the task. No detail was too small to escape his attention. “The theme of the book is crowdedness and the pres- sure of numbers,” he wrote to his publisher, “and the folios [that is, page numbers] are huge in order to give the reader, if only subliminally, a push toward that theme.”67 Similarly, “the big margins, and especially the very big one at the foot of the page, are intended to support the theme of a need for more space.”68 Using the LINTRN program in conjunction with the Mergenthaler, Hersey and his collaborators were able to provide Knopf with camera-ready copy that re ected all of these intentions.69My Petition for More Space was published on October 11, 1974. It is set in a near-future New Haven that is part of a grotesquely overpopulated planet (it can take twenty minutes to traverse a single city block). The  rst- person protagonist, Sam Poynter, waits on an endless line of fellow citizens to reach a government service window where he can submit a petition for more living space—currently he lives in a seven-by-eleven-foot cell. With its ideas about bureaucratization and population control, the novel has some signi cance for students of environmental literature and dystopian science  ction, though at least one early reviewer judged it unfavorably next to Orwell and Huxley.70 It is tempting to try to spin a reading of the novel as an allegory of Hersey’s experiences working with the Yale Editor: the whole of it takes place on a line, after all, which is to say on-line. Lines of listless people shuf e toward a remote bureaucratic window even as lines of lumi- nescent text shuf ed up and down the screen, itself a “window” onto some vast, inscrutable space; and then there is the novel’s overt theme of the op- pressive computerization of society and all that it portends. But such read- ings are not licensed by the circumstances of the book’s conception and composition. With his longhand draft Hersey had fully articulated the core themes of the novel—its imagery and devices, as well as its title—before ever hearing the  rst mention of the Yale Editor.Yet My Petition for More Space doesn’t need the conceit of any thematic premeditation to justify its historical signi cance to us. Hersey’s use of the Editor and the PDP-10 predates Jerry Pournelle’s move to microcomputing by some four or  ve years. Hersey did not initially compose the novel on
138 TRACK CHANGESthe PDP-10, but he revised it there extensively, using a terminal setup— essentially a typewriter attached to a glass screen—that would be clearly recognizable to us today as “word processing.” He inserted and deleted, copied and pasted, searched and replaced. Unlike Pournelle, he did not own the computer himself, and could not work out of his own home; he was com- pletely dependent on the computing infrastructure at Yale. Nonetheless, he took pride in the achievement and remained a devotee of word processing for the rest of his life. His interest in computers also took him in other di- rections: in 1975 he was appointed to a Library of Congress commission on the copyright status of software. He wrote an insightful dissenting opinion in which he argued that software should not be copyrighted, on the grounds that while undeniably written out in the form of instructions or code, it was  rst and foremost an idea, not an inscription—thus anticipating a debate still not fully reconciled today. In 1986, pressed by his Paris Review inter- viewer Jonathan Dee on the apparently still-contentious subject of word pro- cessors, Hersey retorted: “I think there’s a great deal of nonsense about computers and writers; the machine corrupts the writer, unless you write with a pencil you haven’t chosen the words, and so on.”71 He made it clear that he rejected such views.In fact, the specter of corruption that Hersey conjured was an anxiety he had experienced  rsthand. Turn the pages of My Petition for More Space and you will admire the heavy weight of the paper stock and the rough cut edges (both speci ed by Hersey); you will immediately take note of the clean, distinctive layout, the generous margins and white space, the outsize page numbers and wide-spaced running head, the oversized initials at the start of each chapter. But within the pages of this book—so invested in its own presentation and layout—there is no mention of the role computers played in its production. There is no “note on the text” to impress the reader with the arcane intricacies of the process, no colophon with cryptic refer- ences to LINTRN or an “Editor,” no acknowledgments naming a phalanx of computer engineers without whom not. This was all quite deliberate on Hersey’s part. It had nothing to do with any lack of generosity toward his colleagues. No, he was afraid his readers would think a machine had written the book.72
 SEVENUNSEEN HANDSWhen the New England Review / Bread Loaf Quarterly asked him why he wasn’t going to buy a computer, Wendell Berry didn’t hesitate to give reasons. In fact he made a list. Most of the items on it were a direct outgrowth of the particular brand of agrarian conservationism that has de-  ned his poetry and other writing: the increased dependency on the energy grid and fossil-based fuels a computer would entail, the unseemly price tag and immodest size of the equipment, Berry’s inability to maintain and re- pair it himself, and the lack of small, locally owned businesses that were then capable of doing the same (then as now, he lived on a farm in rural Kentucky). Berry’s airing of these concerns as early as 1987 is prescient— we are only now coming to terms with the impact of computers on the en- vironment, for example. He also, however, took recourse in his long-standing work ow: “My wife types my work on a Royal standard typewriter bought new in 1956 and as good now as it was then. As she types, she sees things that are wrong and marks them with small checks in the margins. She is my best critic because she is the one most familiar with my habitual errors and weaknesses. She also understands, sometimes better than I do, what ought to be said. We have, I think, a literary cottage industry that works well and pleasantly. I do not see anything wrong with it.”1The essay was subsequently republished in Harper’s Magazine, where this tranquil domestic vignette did not pass without comment. “Wendell Berry provides writers enslaved by the computer with a handy alternative: Wife—a low-tech energy-saving device,” read one of the letters to the editor that fol- lowed. It continued: “Drop a pile of handwritten notes on Wife and you get139
140 TRACK CHANGESback a  nished manuscript, edited while it was typed. What computer can do that?”2 Berry was sharp in reply, scolding his correspondents and branding them “gossips.” He also made the point that in their emancipa- tory zeal they proceeded by presuming his wife, Tanya Amyx, to be torpid and subservient, unable to alter circumstances for herself if she found them objectionable. But the exchange—Berry’s casual depiction of his depen- dence on his spouse and his apparent surprise in  nding it called into question—also encapsulates a much longer history of keyboards and hands with very distinctive patterns of gender and labor that are essential to under- standing word processing in its original contexts.“As a farmer,” Berry had said, “I do almost all of my work with horses. As a writer, I work with a pencil or a pen and a piece of paper.”3 The work of the page is thus perceived as different in its particulars but not its home- spun values from the work of the  eld. Both require a  rm and guiding hand, whether on the pen or on the bridle and traces. But while Berry may have had a clear sense of his work, the work of writing—writing as a vocation—entails more than the act of composition; it is also, as we have seen, the work of typing and retyping, to say nothing of the work of corre- spondence and copying, of  ling and bookkeeping, and so forth. Whose work was that?There were two killer apps of the early personal computer era. Not games, not at  rst: in the late 1970s games were still mainly the province of coin-operated cabinets in the arcades or television consoles like the Atari 2600. No, most people who brought home a home computer did so for one of two reasons: spreadsheets or word processing. VisiCalc, the spreadsheet program which debuted in 1979 for the Apple II, quickly sold several hun- dred thousand copies; indeed, its availability helped drive sales of the Apple computer itself.4 Its conception was in uenced by the kind of early computer- generated imagery then on the big screen in  lms like Star Wars, particu- larly the “heads-up” combat displays: “Like Luke Skywalker jumping into the turret of the Millennium Falcon, [Dan] Bricklin saw himself blasting out  nancials, locking onto pro t and loss numbers that would appear sus- pended in space before him,” wrote one commentator, tongue not entirely in cheek. “It was to be a business tool cum video game, a Saturday Night Special for M.B.A.s.”5 Journalist Steven Levy described the competitive cul- ture that would arise around VisiCalc hacks and tricks, the quest for the
Unseen Hands 141“perfect” spreadsheet: “Spreadsheet hackers lose themselves in the world of what-if,” he wrote.6 Spreadsheets indeed lent themselves to speculation and scenario-spinning, to a future-oriented fugue state induced by the rows and columns scrolling past,  gures rippling across the screen as  ngertips adjusted a variable in a hidden formula. Not incidentally perhaps, all of the spreadsheet “cowboys” (his word) Levy describes in his article are male.By contrast, the word processor was imagined from the outset as an in- strument of what labor and technology historian Juliet Webster has termed “women’s work.”7 Of course, the typewriter too had been feminized upon its inception by Christopher Latham Sholes with his stated belief that he had done something “important” for women heretofore condemned to me- nial, domestic labor.8 Numerous critics have documented the typewriter’s prismatic refraction of female identity and imagery ever since, including the popular vogue for novels featuring the eponymous “typewriter girl” as ar- chetype.9 But the stock of cultural imagery around the typewriter has since diverged: on the one hand the hardboiled noir writer, inevitably and invet- erately male, the typewriter an extension of his intellectual  rmament / fer- mented intellect as the words get punched out of his  ngertips in an urgent rhythm; on the other hand, the secretary, a product of pink-collar of ce cul- ture, the silent and passive conduit for the words of others. She listens but does not speak, she transcribes but does not compose, and she types but never reads. Or at least she’s not supposed to.Unlike the typewriter, then—which at least had its alternative reservoir of masculine imagery to draw upon—when writers began buying word pro- cessors, they were buying a product originally designed for a very speci c usage and environment. “My model for this was a lady in her late  fties who had been in publishing all her life and still used a Royal typewriter,” said an interface designer who worked with Larry Tesler on the Gypsy system.10 Everything about word processing—starting with the advertising, where up until the advent of  gures like Asimov in the 1980s the operators were al- ways portrayed as female—would have conspired to reinforce this percep- tion. For a writer beginning with a word processor in the late 1970s or early 1980s, then, the salient fact might not have been that the machine was a machine so much as that it was a machine so clearly intended for the girl at the of ce.11 Sometimes, as in the case of science  ction writer Barry Long- year, this was a virtue; in his public disputation with Jerry Pournelle he made exactly that point: “The machine I have,” he wrote, referring to his Wang System 5 Model 1, “was designed for secretarial work by someone who
142 TRACK CHANGESunderstood that not everyone in this world needs or wants to become a computer programmer.”12But the implications of the gendered status of word processing also went beyond whatever perceptions or reservations individual authors may have had. In an important study Jeanette Hoffman, another scholar of labor and technology, reconstructs the ways in which the speci c design features of dedicated word processing systems re ected the industry’s assumptions and expectations about their users. The logic of word processing itself is such that, as she contends, the act of writing must be “broken down into unambiguous operational units,” thereby “subordinating writing practices to a formal, algorithmic order.”13 Similarly, the behaviors of users must be anticipated and likewise broken down into modular, predictable patterns. In the case of the Wang products like those eventually adopted by Long- year, King, and Updike (one of the speci c systems Hoffman studies), this took the form of menu- and prompt-driven routines, in effect ensuring that the female of ce worker was always explicitly situated somewhere in a hier- archically ordered space within which no wrong choice or wrong turn was possible—there could be no invalid keystrokes. Moreover, certain actions— including deleting, copying, and renaming a  le—required administrative access to the system. “In the digital world, producing text can be sepa- rated from physical disposition over the outcome,” Hoffman concludes.14Word processing software for personal computers re ected a different ap- proach, or so it must have seemed. First WordStar and then WordPerfect (as well as Perfect Writer and many others) placed more freedom in the hands of users; menus and prompts, Hoffman notes, were replaced by a mostly blank screen. This resulted in a learning curve that was markedly steeper but deemed acceptable because this was the only piece of software the operator would ever need to learn. In other words, the word pro- cessor assumed that the user herself was a “word processor,” a dedicated professional for whom the requisite training regimen was an acceptable trade-off for the leap in productivity to follow. The mostly blank screens of these products were not any true harbinger of workplace emancipa- tion. Hoffman contends that it was only the widespread advent of graphical user interfaces and “direct manipulation” that  nally broke this trend, as pre gured in the Xerox Star and Apple Lisa and  nally popularized by the Macintosh. But the entrenched order of things died hard. As late as 1990, an independent vendor produced a menu-based interface called (what else) Perfectly Simple that could be installed as an add-on to WordPerfect.
Unseen Hands 143For some literary authors, the allure of a personal computer with all its teeming intricacies may have been enough to offset word processing’s pink- collar associations. Mastering a “microcomputer” was a proposition very dif- ferent from operating a piece of of ce equipment by rote instruction. Thus the predilection for tinkering shared by Pournelle, Brodkey, Fallows, Tan, Straub, Clarke (but not Asimov), and many others. Can we recast some of the apprehensions and anxieties about word processing from male and fe- male authors alike as a resistance to being superimposed onto the  gure of that Royal typewriter lady? At stake would have been not only the stigma- tization of “women’s work,” but the fear of assimilation into just the kind of modularized work ow—alienated from their own labor—that, as we will see in the next section, characterized the experience of word processing for most female secretaries, typists, and “word processors.”15in an ideal worldI would sit by a clear lake an occasional sailboat would utter by anoccasional butter y fan my face in thehot sun in an ideal world the stoneswould sing . . .These lines were written on a Wang word processor by Patricia Freed Acker- man, a San Francisco–based poet, while at her place of employment when what she really wanted to do was to leave the of ce that afternoon. We know this (or at least are encouraged to presume it) because the poem is entitled “Poem Written at Work on a Wang Word Processor Sometime in the After- noon Wanting to Leave.”16 It continues for another sixteen lines, rocking back and forth in a loose free-verse rhythm of anapests and dactyls, a ca- sual idyll confessing the author’s desire to be sublimated by the natural world without. There is nothing extraneous or ornamental to the language; the  rst- person singular aside, there is no interior capitalization, nor is there is any in- terior punctuation. The words of the text are plain and, well, easy to process.Conspicuously, the Wang word processor and the uninspired (and thus inspiring) work environment that attends it are never given entrée into the
144 TRACK CHANGESbody of the poem—they serve only to name its occasion and instrument. Yet the very speci city of Ackerman’s title encourages us to conjure more of the circumstances of its composition. We can assume that the act of writing the poem was at least marginally illicit: the word processor would have belonged not to her but to her employer, and it would have been in- tended for writing rather different sorts of things (correspondence, memos, reports and the like) that originated with people other than herself. She wants to leave, but she cannot—she is bound by her job, compelled to re- main at the keyboard even if there is no work to be done. Like the word processor, she must be constantly ready, available, on call—on-line. In fact the word processor is a prosthetic, an extension of her identity—Ackerman is herself a “word processor,” just as in an earlier epoch she would have in- stead been a “typewriter” or indeed a “computer”—and there is a kind of intimacy between her own identity and the machine that she perhaps thinks betrayed by the mostly generic texts she is called upon to produce with it: “in this ideal / everything I write / would be beautiful and true” she tells us later in the poem.The unnamed of ce that Ackerman worked in when the poem was written was, we may surmise, a product of what was once widely known as the “of ce of the future”—the name the business administration liter- ature of the late 1970s and early 1980s had given to the nexus of informa- tion technology, scienti c management theory, and labor practices that was supposed to maximize workplace productivity in the face of the ever-increasing amounts of data, text, and information swirling through a modern organization. And word processing was envisioned as its corner- stone. “The electronic text exists independently of space and time,” wrote Shoshana Zuboff of just such an of ce as Ackerman’s (and at about the same time). “[It] can infuse an entire organization, instead of being bundled into discrete objects, like books or pieces of paper.”17 Yet word processing itself originally entailed something rather different from what we know today. It was understood as something far more than just a passive verb: it would have connoted a full- edged system or paradigm for automating the  ow of tex- tual production in the of ce of the future. (In this sense, as computer histo- rian Thomas Haigh notes, it was analogous to the term “data processing.”)18 To fully appreciate what it meant for a literary author to obtain a word processor—to choose to bring one into his or her home for purposes of writing  ction or poetry or drama—we  rst need to spend some more time with Ackerman at the of ce.
Unseen Hands 145“Word processing, as a concept is the single most revolutionary event in written communication since the invention of the typewriter,” proclaimed an American Management Association publication in 1974.19 All revolutions have their exigencies, and at the time that this was written, the Western business executive or of ce manager perceived himself (gender intentional) as operating in a climate of crisis. This had less to do with the global reces- sion that was then at its peak than with the anxieties of the nascent infor- mation age, the “paperwork explosion” that we will look at in more detail in Chapter 8. As we will see, the proliferation of paperwork—repeatedly de- scribed via recourse to sublime naturalistic imagery such as oceans and mountains—and the costs in time and personnel associated with drafting, revising, re ning, distributing, and  ling it were the immediate context and catalyst for the widespread promotion of a new organizational model known as word processing in the business literature of the day.But there was a second and even more urgent symptom of the executive’s crisis, one that manifested itself explicitly in terms of pathology and con- tagion. This was, in the words of George R. Simpson, CEO of the Word Processing Institute (a subsidiary of the Of ce Management Systems Corpo- ration), the “illness” or “social disease” of the “social of ce.”20 According to one source, six out of ten of ce workers were female, and the “vast majority” of those were employed in secretarial positions.21 The position of secretary itself, however, was multifaceted: a secretary might be called upon to take a letter—in practice, a task that would require shorthand notation in the presence of the executive—and then she would “type it up” at her own desk. In between would be  ling or telephone reception or appointment books and calendars or travel arrangements or opening the mail or making coffee. On the one hand, this meant that typing and allied skills—shorthand,  ling, working with carbons and correction  uid—were only one aspect of a well-rounded secretary’s portfolio. If a “girl’s” typing skills were not all they should be, she might make up for it with competencies in other areas; nor was the typing ever likely to much improve so long as it remained a relatively ad hoc and unstructured part of a harried nine-to- ve workday. This diversity of tasks also meant that the secretary would circulate freely about the of ce, interacting (promiscuously, some thought) with different members of the organization. This was the “social disease” Simpson had diagnosed, a terminal condition characterized by ceaseless circuitous move- ments through various arteries and corridors, impromptu meetings and interactions (obvious vectors for gossip and rumor), and other wasteful
146 TRACK CHANGESmovements. (Another AMA consultant, Walter Kleinschrod, cites an unspeci-  ed study claiming that 17 percent of the time, “the average of ce employee is doing nothing but walking around and talking.”)22It is hard to overstate the force with which the case against the social of ce was made. Everything must change: salary scales, career paths, job descriptions, “attitudes,” and perhaps above all, procedures—or processes.23 A total division of work must take place,” thundered the AMA.24 Only this would “cut through” the accumulated “barnacles” and get to “the heart of the matter.”25 Here again, the conspicuously surgical  gures of speech are overtly evocative of pathologies and bodily encrustations and intrusions. Where the rhetoric wasn’t pathologized, it was overtly matrimonial— secretaries were routinely referred to as “of ce wives.”26 A key problem it was believed was that women, unlike men, were not accountable. Secretaries were “charming little nobodies,” as one consultant charmingly put it, invisible on the organizational chart (this last was indeed true, in accordance with standard management practice).27 “They lack supervision,” lamented the AMA. “And their productivity is thereby in the main beyond accurate mea- surement and control.”28There is a linguistic irony here: “executive” derives from the verb “to execute” whose Latin root, exsequi, means to follow up, to carry out, and even to punish—all active measures that, as we have seen, would soon be literalized as an actual key on the word processor’s keyboard. Yet it is the secretary who “executes” on her boss’s decisions, transmuting his ideas and dictates into the tangible end-products of modern knowledge work. “The work done by the secretary is often more visible than that done by her boss,” notes one contemporary commentator, pace the AMA. “She at least pro- duces a pile of neatly typed papers to be signed at the end of the day; there is often some question about just what he has produced.”29Women in the of ce were all too visible in certain ways, even as they man- aged to stay invisible—and supposedly unaccountable—in all the ways that ostensibly mattered. This was the climate that created word processing as an organizational (as opposed to strictly technological) concept, the word processing that AMA authors hailed as the most “revolutionary” event in the history of written communication since the typewriter. Word processing would quickly make the social of ce “obsolete,” they assured anxious readers.30 In such a climate it is not too much of an exaggeration to say that the managerial regimen of word processing was about the regulation of female bodies, both their tasking and their situation.
Unseen Hands 147Above all, the introduction of word processing into the of ce was about making female bodies accountable, and it did so by modularizing the anatomical functions of hand, eye, and ear. The AMA’s consultants from the early 1970s carefully outlined how this prescription was to take hold:The term word processing becomes applicable when a simple (as with most truly revolutionary ideas) but genuinely profound change in perception is fo- cused upon that good ol’ of ce routine. This perception begins with the realization that such a “routine” should not be regarded as a series of related but discrete tasks performed in sequential but isolated segments of time and energy, but rather as a process—more precisely a system in which all the procedural and personal vagaries which, until now, separated each compo- nent in the process are seen as unnecessary and undesirable. The random, the haphazard, the unpredictable, the largely unmeasurable can thus—when understood in this new conceptual light—be replaced by the controlled, the organized, the automatable.31This is a powerfully direct statement. In practice what it portended was a radical compartmentalization of of ce work in the form of dedicated word processing centers—physically distinct of ces-within-an-of ce (sometimes even remotely located), staffed by personnel assigned exclusively to key- boarding tasks. Gone would be the “gal Friday” model of the secretary devoted to a single executive, catering to all his needs; in its place would be dedicated typing specialists who would move from task to task without regard for (or excessive loyalty toward) the identity of the originator. The word processing center was, in effect, a doubling-down on the typing pool concept of the earlier twentieth century. Once word processing was im- plemented technologically and organizationally, typing ef ciency was expected to increase exponentially— gures on the order of “1,000%” were airily bandied about in the management literature.32 Gone would be inter- personal interaction between the typist and the executive. Dictation for “processing” or draft copy for revision would be delivered to the “center” in the form of internal telephone transmissions (PBX) or else by a messenger bearing a tape cassette. Copy would be returned in the same way. Unseen hands would do the paperwork.The word processing center of the seventies, both physically and orga- nizationally, placed the secretary in a position not unlike the new tech- nologies of electromagnetic storage that supported what we earlier termed
148 TRACK CHANGESsuspended inscription. Just as magnetic tape, cartridges, and disks quickly rendered the friction of the eraser obsolete in correcting errors, other kinds of intra-of ce friction—the “personal vagaries” alluded to by the AMA above—would be eliminated by making the typing secretary into a kind of removable media herself. Like the word-processed text in its seemingly immaterial state, the typing secretary would be out of sight but always on- line (or on call). The argument I am making is thus that word processing duplicated its technical logic in the human “systems” (the word is used repeatedly throughout the management literature) who were tasked with operating all of that expensive hardware.33 Recall, too, Hoffman’s point about recasting the act of writing in terms of discrete, operational units subject to formal, algorithmic manipulation; words that were fully atom- ized and fungible demanded bodies that were equally modularized and interchangeable.Organizationally, then, word processing was about restructuring work, reclassifying roles in the workforce, relocating people in the workplace, and recon guring the individual workstation, all under the guise of cen- tralizing and automating the composition, transcription, reproduction, and distribution—the processing—of the printed word on paper. It was about procedure and control, accountability and measurement. In this, word pro- cessing was of a piece with the rising tide of of ce automation brought on by the computerization of successive subdivisions of what we nowadays call “knowledge work.” Alan Liu, commenting on the same era of automation as Zuboff at the start of this section, lays particular emphasis on the way in which this computerization fostered the “systematization” of information in the of ce environment—the linkages, assemblages, and connective tissue of information that contributed to management’s sense that all was under rationale control. “Computerization was a way to sense the overall systema- ticity of work,” is how Liu puts it.34 More than computerization at large, how- ever, word processing was also about discipline and regulation, the  xing of dallying (or dangerous) bodies in space and the af xing of idle (or wandering) female hands to keyboards. Wang and Dictaphone, among other manufac- turers, even included speci c product features, with names like Mastermind and Timemaster, for tracking employee ef ciency.35 (Today’s keystroke log- gers are simply the culmination of that logic, supervising and surveilling word work in the smallest possible unit of productivity.)Of course, as Christopher Latham Sholes had been the  rst to anticipate, female bodies were admitted into the of ce precisely because of the type-
Unseen Hands 149 writer and its keyboard. Word processing thus promised to correct thetypewriter’s mistakes in more ways than one.In late 1969 a new corporation consisting of nine employees set up shop in a 20,000-square foot manufacturing space in Hauppauge, Long Island. Hauppauge was part of Islip, a suburban bedroom community for New York City, a one-hour and thirty-minute train ride away.36 It may have seemed an unlikely place for what we would today describe as a tech start-up, but in fact the Hauppauge Industrial Park was the largest such complex in the nation at the time, part of the postwar development of Long Island that also included planned communities such as nearby Levittown and Robert Moses’s highway system. The company’s name was the Redactron Corporation, it had $750,000 in operating capital, and its founder was Evelyn Berezin.Born in the Bronx in 1925, Berezin had grown up reading Astounding Stories magazine in her bedroom under the El.37 World War II allowed her to attend NYU on scholarship as a physics major; she graduated in 1945 and subsequently did graduate work there under the aegis of the Atomic En- ergy Commission.38 But her career path quickly took her instead into the emerging world of computers, where she started out in 1951 at the Brooklyn- based Electronic Computer Corporation. The only woman in the shop, she became its lead logic designer. “All my life since I had been interested in physics and things like that I always was in with mostly all boys,” she re- calls. “The business of working with men was just part of my life, I never thought of it.”39 At the time, before transistors, computer design relied on vacuum tubes and primitive forms of magnetic memory. Berezin quickly learned how to work within the limits of available technology to design purpose-built systems for industrial and of ce applications, picking up a clutch of patents in the process. Eventually she found herself at a company called Teleregister, based in Stamford, Connecticut. With Berezin’s assis- tance, Teleregister implemented the  rst automated airlines reservation system in the world (for United Airlines), predating the better-known SABRE system by at least a year.40 When she tired of the commute to Stam- ford, she interviewed for a job that today we would call chief technology of cer, at the New York Stock Exchange. Berezin recalls having been unof cially offered the position, before receiving an apologetic phone call several days later informing her that the Board had refused to con-  rm her appointment on the grounds that it would be “unbecoming for a
150 TRACK CHANGESwoman” to be seen on the trading  oor.41 This and other experiences con-  rmed her belief that she would never be able to move beyond a backroom design position, so she began doing market research to launch her own company.By this time it was the late 1960s, and Berezin had heard of a new of ce product from IBM, the MT/ST, which combined the capabilities of their Selectric typewriter with a tape storage unit. The machine was being touted as a revolution in secretarial labor—according to Berezin’s research at the Bureau of Labor Statistics, 6 percent of the U.S. workforce was then employed as secretaries—but it also had the reputation of being “big, clumsy, expensive, dif cult, unreliable.”42 Berezin, with her background in computers, thought she could do better. In particular, the MT/ST’s tran- sistor technology was on the verge of being replaced by the  rst micro- processors from Intel. “Word processing” seemed like an obvious growth area, though Berezin claims she had never heard that phrase at the time.With the newly launched Redactron—the company’s name telegraphing its promise of a kind of automated editing—she set about designing and building what would be called the Data Secretary, a product that would compete directly with the MT/ST. As it happens, Intel wasn’t yet capable of producing the microprocessors that Berezin needed, so she contracted with the nearby  rm of General Instruments instead. “The whole story is really determined essentially technically, by what was available, what could be done at the time,” she recalls.43 Like the MT/ST, there was no screen—a Selectric was still the input and output device, and keystrokes were stored on a pair of magnetic cassette tapes. But unlike the MT/ST, which was ex- clusively an electromechanical device, the Data Secretary would be a true computer, with thirteen on-board semiconductor chips and program- mable logic driving its word processing functions. The complete unit was some forty inches tall. Its design and functionality were then tested on working secretaries. One signature feature allowed names and addresses stored on one tape to be merged with boilerplate text on another. The Data Secretary was thus “designed for a real problem in a real of ce.”44 At least one early UK user remembers it more prosaically, however: “We were based in Fitzroy Square at the time, in a Grade I listed building. When we turned the Redactron on, lights would be dimmed across Fitzrovia. When we ran it, conversation ceased and  akes of plaster would drift down from the ceiling. The room thrummed. We purchased earplugs in bulk.”45 Hyperbole, of course, but it conveys the essence of the experience.
Unseen Hands 151Berezin remains particularly proud of the fact that despite its name the Data Secretary was not “just” a hardwired word processor. It was a real com- puter, Turing-complete as the jargon goes: “The only thing that made it a word processor was the program.”46 Its integrated circuits could, in theory, be repurposed for other applications, albeit not necessarily ef ciently. By September 1971 Redactron was ready to begin shipping. Next came adver- tising and promotion, and this presented its own challenges; it was a “very new idea,” as Berezin recalls.47 She enlisted the aid of Roslyn Willett, an old friend who now ran a public relations agency—noteworthy in itself in an era when such agencies were dominated by (mad) men. In December 1971, Willett placed an ad in the preview issue of a new magazine intended for women.The  rst issue of Gloria Steinem’s Ms. was distributed as an insert in the December 20, 1971, issue of New York magazine. Its cover was a Mc- Luhanesque mise-en-scène with a pair of female hands reaching into the frame to grasp the new publication, its red-orange cover-within-a-cover featuring a striking Vishnu-like drawing of a multiarmed multitasking woman (one arm brandishes a typewriter) by Miriam Wosk. The lead article was Steinem’s “Sisterhood”: “If it weren’t for the Women’s Movement I might still be dissembling away,” its text declared early on. “But the ideas of this great sea-change in women’s view of ourselves are contagious and irresist- ible. They hit women like a revelation, as if we had left a small dark room and walked into the sun.”48This and the other articles in the preview issue established the context in which Willett’s ad for the Redactron appeared. Its headline, printed in a sixties-style bellbottom font: “The Death of the Dead-End Secretary.”49 This, however, is perhaps the least of its notable features. Its roughly 400 words of copy were a carefully prepared, multi-tiered pitch that positions the company’s high-tech product within the ferment of larger social forces. It begins with a second-person address to “women like you.” The copy then brie y recaps the history of the secretarial profession, even making men- tion of the founding of Katherine Gibbs’s secretarial school in 1911; but now- adays, we are told, the secretary’s prospects for professional advancement have been stymied by the mounting tide of paperwork and their sphere of in uence has dwindled to the keyboard, a dull and monotonous routine of “typing and retyping.”Such is the state of affairs that has persisted for decades—but no more. “Today,” proclaims the copy, “the dead-end secretary is dead.” Again the
152 TRACK CHANGEScopy appeals directly to its implied female reader, casting her in compar- ison to her “complacent sisters.” “You want the freedom to get into more interesting and more challenging work—work that’ll give you a chance to move into a staff, administrative, or managerial position—where you can call some of the shots.” Enter the Redactron Data Secretary. Here the name of the device takes on its full signi cance: the secretary now has a secre- tary of her own, a device to absorb the drudgery of all that typing and retyping. She will be primed for management because she already has an automaton to do her bidding. The ad copy then dares its decisive maneuver: “Ask your boss about the Data Secretary,” it enjoins. “We’ve already told him about it.” This ploy is striking on several levels. First, of course, is the pre- sumption that the secretary would be in a position to petition her (male) boss for the product at all. This seemingly empowered posture, however, is undercut by delivery of the news that Redactron has already communicated with him through other, unnamed channels. (Just because she was reading Ms. didn’t mean the woman was actually out in front.) Finally, of course, there is the reality that in all likelihood the boss probably hadn’t heard about Redactron before—the secretary was thus being actively enlisted as a con- veyor for what ad men (and women) knew was the very best kind of adver- tising: word of mouth.The ad concludes with the promise of what we would call swag—memo pads, buttons, and stickers—branded with Redactron’s logo, all of which could be had upon written request to the president, Ms. Evelyn Berezin. This closing gesture, the name of a female CEO prominently displayed in the ad copy with an implicit promise of correspondence, would have con-  rmed the image of a company that was on the secretary’s side, offering an emancipatory product allied with her own personal interests and the women’s movement more generally.50So it happens that at just about the same time as Roland Barthes was fa- mously attending to funerary proceedings for the author (which is to say authorship) in France, in Hauppauge, Long Island, and in the pages of Ms., Willett, Berezin, and Redactron were proclaiming the death of the secre- tary. Or at least the death of the dead-end variety. While the Redactron Data Secretary chattered out its typing jobs, the secretary would be free to take on other responsibilities, eventually breaking into management. Of course, it was not the case that tiresome typing tasks were the only thing standing between women and an executive’s corner of ce, as Berezin well knew. Any promise of upward mobility for women in the workplace would
Unseen Hands 153have to contend with the gender politics then on full display in the AMA’s publications and reports. The ad was not without other contradictions as well: a company founded and led by a woman was knowingly playing on working women’s identi cation with the emerging feminist movement, selling them on a product that, while no doubt genuinely a boon for some, would also doubtless cost others their positions, or else relegate them to the very “dark rooms” (as full-time word processors themselves) from which Steinem was celebrating their collective emergence.But Berezin herself was never much concerned about whether the tech- nologies she helped pioneer and promote would take away jobs: “I didn’t think of this as a problem for women. I always assumed that women would just move ahead,” she says.51 She subsequently worked with the American Women’s Economic Development Corporation and other boards and organ- izations promoting the efforts of female business leaders and entrepreneurs. In 2011 she was inducted into the Women in Technology International Hall of Fame. Still, she remains a relatively unknown and underappreci- ated  gure, with nowhere near the stature of other women who played signi cant roles in computer science and the computer industry and have since been recognized by historians.By the end of the 1970s word processing as an organizational concept had been supplanted by so-called of ce automation, the beginnings of the vi- sion that would eventually lead (a decade or so later) to personal computers on every desk in the of ce. Executives would increasingly be doing their own typing. Even at the height of its organizational vogue, however, word processing was never implemented as monolithically as the AMA’s of cial publications might have desired. As one researcher puts it, its impact was “much less straightforward, and much more closely tied up with the con- text of the work organization in which it was introduced.”52But the fundamentals of the concept proved enduring—the monolithic tasking, the regimented workday, the limited range of intra-of ce motion. Condemned to such uninspiring surroundings, Patricia Freed Ackerman was not the only female writer to use the machine for her own devices.53 Marina Endicott, as we have previously seen,  rst learned to use her IBM Displaywriter in a Canadian government of ce. She describes a “spacious room” in which she worked alone but for one other operator. “As almost always in government of ces, there was hardly any real work to do. We weren’t allowed to read, of course; we had to maintain the  ction that the administration of government requires constant effort. Learning the
154 TRACK CHANGESDisplaywriter took up the hours very usefully, but once I’d mastered the system, I still had to look busy. At  rst I wrote letters; then, running out of real life to tell, I started writing stories to amuse myself.”54 Terry Mc- Millan, meanwhile, was working as a “word processor” at a law of ce in New York City as she was writing her  rst novel, Mama (1987); she used the  rm’s system after hours to print and send literally thousands of pro- motional letters to bookstores, reading groups, and review outlets, espe- cially those with a record of supporting black writers—precisely the sort of task the technology was designed to expedite. The book quickly sold out of its  rst hardcover printing.55Instances of such positive redirection of personal agency, though, were rare.56 And the reality of the job was often far removed from the crisp  owcharts and workstation diagrams, and from the stock photos of trim, fashionably dressed young (white) women operating the machinery in the corporate promotional literature. Machines like the Redactron and MT/ST were loud. They also threw off a lot of heat. Most word processing centers that were centralized within the of ce were con ned in a fully enclosed space, without windows. (One industry advocate suggested they were ideal workplaces for the blind.)57 The work itself was monotonous; there was no variety in the tasks (this was, after all, the whole point); and perhaps even more importantly, there were only extremely limited opportunities for so- cial interaction (the idea that the “social of ce,” with all of the informal and spontaneous networks thus implied, was actually a virtue from the stand- point of workplace ef ciency was a concept alien to most business minds of the day). Women, as a result, left the jobs in droves.58 In 1981—a year we have gravitated to before—a new underground magazine began appearing on the streets of San Francisco. The cover of its  rst issue depicted an of-  ce worker whose head had been replaced by a computer. The magazine’s name was Processed World—“If you hate your job you’ll love this maga- zine!” it promised. Processed World ran essays, commentaries, cartoons, and other content critical of word processing, data processing, of ce culture, and the casualization of knowledge work in all its forms. It would remain in publication for the next two and a half decades.59As for Redactron, high interest rates had made it dif cult to borrow the money needed to grow the company, and toward the end of 1975 the deci- sion was made to sell to the Burroughs Corporation. The subsequent rapid availability of home computers is something Berezin admits to not having anticipated—surprising in some respects, given her understanding of how
Unseen Hands 155much small, reliable microprocessors would change the industry back at the start of the decade. Nonetheless, she remained at the Burroughs Corpora- tion until 1980, working with further iterations of the Redactron line, one of which, we have seen, was eventually used by the romance novelist Robyn Carr. “As far as I’m concerned that was the end of the word processing busi- ness,” Berezin says. “It was only ten years long.”60The word processing organizational concept that took hold in the early 1970s wasn’t just about bodies and hands and keyboards. It was also about the voice and the ear, speaking and listening, dictation and transcription. Be- fore words could be typed, after all, they had to originate somewhere. This origination was assumed to be oral, from the mouth of an executive. To the extent that word processing described a particular category of hardware and of ce equipment, it fully included dictation devices. In theory, at least, an executive speaking into a microphone was “word processing” no less than his secretary—he was just participating in a different part of the document’s life cycle. As early as 1959 IBM had signed an agreement to acquire Pierce, a manufacturer of dictation machines, its  rst external acquisition since the Electromatic Typewriter Company in 1933.61 As we will see in Chapter 8, this decision was to have direct implications for the genesis of the word processing concept as such. And by the early 1970s, as Thomas Haigh notes, the inclusion of dictation equipment alongside the MT/ST, the Magnetic Card Selectric Typewriter, and even copiers, as part of its word processing line was commonplace: “The concept of word processing did not refer ex- clusively, or even primarily, to the use of full-screen video text editing.”62In the greater word processing scheme, dictation equipment was an es- sential element of a rationalized work ow and functioned to combat the ills of the social of ce. Secretaries, for their part, would no longer be called upon to linger in the executive’s presence while “taking a letter.” With the  rm’s investment in all that high-end word processing equipment, the no- tion that the keyboard was dormant while the secretary was off somewhere else, scribbling in shorthand, was unthinkable. Moreover, it was also deemed more productive for the executive to dictate without the distraction of a sec- retary in the same room. Indeed, once the monogamous boss-secretary relationship was severed, work could be distributed and directed much more ef ciently.63 The technology itself quickly achieved corresponding levels of sophistication. Recordings were stored on cassettes and cartridges, on
156 TRACK CHANGESmagnetic reels and magnetic belts. Telephone handsets were frequently used as input devices, allowing for remote tape storage. More advanced products were out tted with an automatic changer so that a busy executive would not be bothered with the need to physically handle and replace the media. The state of the art was a looping system known as a “tank type”: because the recording tape revolved continuously in an endless loop, the boss could begin dictating (using the telephone), and the secretary could begin playback in something close to real-time. All of this activity could be monitored and controlled from a centralized location. One account de- scribes the technology thus: “A supervisor’s console or monitoring panel contains a row of dials which indicate which tank is in use and which is idle, as well as the amount of backlog that remains to be transcribed.”64 Like a word-processed text, the word-processed voice was rendered modu- larized and controllable, subject to mechanical repetition or acceleration, isolated from its source, detached and stored on physically remote media.Just like Stephen King once placed a Wang-like machine at the center of a story about a writer who undertakes to redact and edit his own life, dicta- tion equipment has also  gured in  ctional plots about word processing. In 1960 the  nal episode of the critically acclaimed  rst season of The Twi- light Zone was entitled “World of His Own” (written by Richard Matheson).65 After the show’s familiar opening sequence, the story is introduced through a series of shots and voice-overs: “The home of Mr. Gregory West, one of America’s most noted playwrights,” host Rod Serling intones as we view the suburban manse. “The of ce of Mr. Gregory West” (the shot is centered on his desk). “Mr. Gregory West, shy, quiet, and at the moment, very happy” (a close-up of the successful author, obviously in his element). He is also very happy, presumably, because he is being attended by Mary, “warm” and “affectionate,” who, we rapidly learn, is a  gment of his literary imagina- tion brought to life by speaking her character description into the Dicta- phone machine that sits prominently on his desk. Mary mixes Gregory a martini, smiling benevolently. “Is it dry enough?” she asks. “Perfect, as al- ways,” he says.As the episode unfolds, we learn that Gregory is trapped in a hostile re- lationship with his wife, Victoria, who berates and distrusts him and threatens to have him committed so she can take control of their assets. Re- turning home unexpectedly, Victoria glimpses Mary through the window of Gregory’s study and accuses him of an affair, which he all but admits to. Only Mary is suddenly nowhere to be found, and the study has but one us-
Unseen Hands 157able exit, the door through which Victoria herself has entered. We soon learn that Gregory “uncreates” (a word he uses twice—reminiscent of the Undo function in today’s word processing software) his characters by taking a pair of scissors (Atropos’s?) and snipping off the length of magnetic recording tape containing his spoken description of them, which he balls up and tosses in the  re. The characters then blink out of existence with the aid of some crude special effects magic. We also learn that Gregory has stored tapes in his safe containing character descriptions, not only of Victoria (who conve- niently immolates herself when she throws it into the  re in a  t of pique), but also of Serling himself, who, appearing in Gregory’s study for his tradi- tional closing commentary, angers the playwright with the pronouncement that the story we have just seen was “purely  ctional” and that in “real life” such “ridiculous nonsense” could never transpire. Notably, at this point in the life of the series, “World of His Own” is the only episode where a char- acter becomes aware of Serling’s presence as narrator. Gregory fetches Rod’s envelope with its length of tape from the safe and into the  re it goes. He disappears, leaving Gregory West with the ever-affectionate Mary (now in fact Mrs. Mary West), his martini, and his Dictaphone: “Still shy, quiet, very happy, and apparently in complete control [fade] of The Twilight Zone.” The show’s  rst season thus concludes with the metaleptic dethroning of Ser- ling, who ends up a character in one of his own stories.Whether or not Stephen King had ever seen this particular piece of tele- vision when he wrote “The Word Processor” need not be our concern. The point is the pattern by which a new technological device seizes the literary imagination and spurs the author to play with the boundaries between  c- tion and the real (or reel), a distinction overtly challenged, as we have seen, by the very twilight zone in which this story takes place. Surface details aside, the two tales are even more alike than they might at  rst appear. Gregory West’s mistake, for example, is that he creates his “regal” and “ aw- less” wife Victoria to be too perfect: “You’re just the sort of wife I always used to think I wanted more than anything in the world,” he says. Mary, by contrast is plainer, more wholesome, but possessed of that “inner quality of loveliness that makes a woman truly beautiful.” Still, we suspect that Richard Hagstrom’s belle Belinda is a lot more like Mary than like the “impeccable” but cold and calculating Victoria.Likewise, it may seem that Gregory West’s story reverses King’s emphasis by focusing on a technology of the voice rather than a technology of the letter. Yet it would be a mistake to fully dissociate the Dictaphone from
158 TRACK CHANGESwriting. The school of media criticism inaugurated by Friedrich Kittler reminds us that phonographic wax cylinders and then magnetic recording, together with photographic emulsion and the staccato mechanism of the typewriter, were all engines of inscription. Indeed, the foundation of Kittler’s media theory rests on the premise that the near-simultaneous emergence in the nineteenth century of technologies for the recording of sound and images (followed soon after by the projection of moving images) challenged the premier place of writing as the means of “archiving” and communicating human experience. “Why simulate acoustic and optical data with words if they can be directly recorded, stored, and transmitted without any recourse to symbolic mediation,” asks Kittler’s most prominent English-language critic, Geoffrey Winthrop-Young.66 If, as Walter J. Ong famously suggested, writing and speech are incommensurate ways of struc- turing our consciousness, Kittler, by contrast, gives us the tools for seeing them as part of a closed loop—of ce productivity technology conjoining spoken and written language in ever more ef cient work ows. A typist tran- scribing dictation, headphones enclosing her ears,  ngers moving over a key- board, foot pumping a pedal to start and stop the recorder—here the body has become an interchangeable component in an integrated circuit, wired into the media apparatus from head to toe. For our part, we might simply note that the one thing Mr. Gregory West, “one of America’s most noted playwrights,” never ever does—not once in the twenty- ve-minute episode that features him—is write.Today dictation is once again rising in importance. Voice recognition software, once just barely usable, is now standard on tablets and mobile devices. A microphone icon is prominently displayed on the miniature on- screen keyboards in the hands of millions of users, inviting us to avail our- selves of vocal input as part of an increasingly heterogeneous spectrum of writing behaviors, which besides typing involves swiping, tapping, thumbing, and, once again, speaking. Richard Powers is perhaps the best- known advocate of voice recognition technology, describing his writing practice in the New York Times: “I write these words from bed, under the covers with my knees up, my head propped and my three-pound tablet PC—just a shade heavier than a hardcover—resting in my lap, almost for- gettable,” he begins. “I speak untethered, without a headset, into the slate’s microphone array. The words appear as fast as I can speak, or they wait out my long pauses. I touch them up with a stylus, scribbling or re-speaking as needed. Whole phrases die and revive, as quickly as I could have hit the
Unseen Hands 159backspace. I hear every sentence as it’s made, testing what it will sound like, inside the mind’s ear.”67 Powers, who remembers programming what he describes as “interactive concrete poetry” on the University of Illinois’s PLATO mainframe computer while still a student there in the late 1970s— and who bought a TRS-80 when they  rst came out—has long been drawn to various kinds of computer technology.68 He views “word processing” as fundamentally multimodal, involving speech, pen or stylus, touch, and the keyboard.69 Voice recognition  rst became an integral part of his practice in 2001, while he was writing The Time of Our Singing (2003).70 But while Powers is clearly self-conscious of even the (minimal) weight of the tablet and takes care to mention the role of the stylus as well, the con- ceit of untethering is what seems paramount; in the Paris Review he am- pli ed this same scene: “Since the computer is on the other side . . . of the room, I don’t feel as if I’m tethered to it; the machine is a distant, nonintru- sive recipient of the words that I’m thinking across the room. Later I go and collect them and note where they’ve stuck.”71Both conceptually and technologically, word processing was closely aligned with automation. Indeed, early word processing systems (the actual hardware as opposed to the organizational structures) were just asoften described as automatic typewriters. And as both Darren Wershler- Henry and Lisa Gitelman have described, the typewriter was itself closely linked to automation (it was also a conduit for automatic writing, the sup- posed transcription of voices from the spirit world).72 Word processing inherited that association with automation, which, as we saw in Chapter 2, drove authors like Arthur C. Clarke and Italo Calvino to write cautionary or satirical tales (even as others had to be persuaded that the machines weren’t actually writing the books). That word processing devices also vis- ibly performed in autonomous modes—most conspicuously when printing out a document—only furthered the notion that the act of writing was being automated in heretofore unprecedented ways. One common trope in writers writing about their  rst word processor was to linger over the free time they were suddenly afforded as the device did the hard work of churning out copy. Thus the journalist James Fallows: “If I am printing a draft of an article, I can hook up my tractor feed, push the print button, and go out for a beer.”73 Or Barry Longyear: “While the typing is going on, I can watch TV, read a book, or write another story.”74 Such winsome scenarios
160 TRACK CHANGESwere proffered over and over again, seeming con rmation of the utopian promise that technology would inevitably lead to more leisure time. The tractor feed mentioned in passing by Fallows is as much a prosthetic for his hands as the word processor itself, alleviating him even of the burden of feeding individual sheets to the printer.75Hands, both seen and unseen, have long been a trope in critical writing about technology. Kittler, by way of Heidegger, uses the relationship be- tween hand and keyboard to structure his own idiosyncratic genealogy of typewriting. Kittler follows Heidegger in presuming that the typewriter “tears writing from the essential realm of the hand,” by which he means the gap between the place where the hand and  ngers do their work and the place where writing actually appears, in a physically and visually distinct locale.76 Indeed, as has often been pointed out, the earliest typewriters (such as Twain’s Remington No. 1) didn’t allow the typist to see their text as it was being imprinted on the page.77 This was in sharp contrast to the pen, where letterforms literally  ow from the tip of a writing instrument that is consciously designed to be an extension of the hand. As Daniel Chandler has documented, many writers found typewriter and computer keyboards equally suspect, seeing writing and their creative muse as de- pendent on the manual labor of pressing pen or pencil to paper. “The word processor doesn’t take as much time as actually forming the letters with your hand at the end of your arm which is attached to your body,” says Denise Levertov. “It’s a different kind of thing. They don’t realize that this laborious process is part of the creative process.”78If the keyboard displaced hand from page, it also altered the relationship between an author and the basic building blocks of language. Letters, numbers, and punctuation were visibly arrayed in front of the writer, splayed beneath her (or his)  ngers, a countable and renewable resource, as Scott Bukatman (following Kittler) likewise emphasizes.79 Certainly this experience of letterforms as a constantly available inventory contributed to the typewriter’s association with industrialization, as well as to the sense of language itself as a commodity—stored, warehoused, waiting to be milled and processed. (This same sensibility contributed to the avant-garde experi- mentation in visual poetry created out of typewritten letterforms.)80 Nowa- days word processing software can tell us the precise number of characters in a document as easily as its page length or the number of words, and the conventions of social media like Twitter and text messaging have made char- acter counts the most vital metric for assessing the viability of a text.
Unseen Hands 161The depth or granularity of this atomization could also be scaled up or down at will, from individual characters (correcting a typo) to selecting com- plete words, sentences, or entire paragraphs (“blocks”) of text for editing and revision. Writers quickly began to grasp the ease with which sentences and paragraphs could be thus manipulated. “What happens if you write a chapter and then you’re well into the second chapter and you  nd a couple of pages that really belong in the  rst chapter?” an interviewer would ask Anne Rice in 1985. Her reply: “You can just mark those pages off and copy them over to another disk, then take the later chapter put that in the com- puter and then copy those pages into the later chapter, you can move them anywhere you want, you can swap them around. That’s what I mean by once you work this way, nothing stands between you and what you want to do.”81 The casual reference to “marking pages off” coupled with the tacit knowl- edge necessary for swapping around the disks to effect the transfer speaks volumes about the casual mastery of a new way of working. It also testi es to a new way of writing that nonetheless has its roots in of ce technologies of the previous decade, which placed a premium on precisely such a modu- larized view of text—merging it,  owing it, retrieving it, and outputting it. Thus Ray Hammond, proselytizing word processing to writers in 1984, unknowingly but eerily echoes the prescription of AMA consultants when he asserts, “Writing is broken down into its component parts; composition, editing, and printing.”82 As we have seen, the printer need not even be in the same room as the word processor, a far more jarring displacement of hand from page than Heidegger could ever have imagined.Why not take the writer’s hands out the equation altogether? In 2007 Margaret Atwood  led a patent on the LongPen, which allows an author to sign books anywhere in the world without having to be physically present.83 An actual pen grasped in the servo-driven talons of a robotic arm faithfully reproduces the weight and direction of written strokes captured from a re- motely linked input station, where the author is grasping a stylus to make their signature on a tablet computer. Although inspired by her experience as an author in high demand for signings at far- ung locations, the tech- nology has been commercialized by the Toronto-based Syngra i, whose target markets include commerce, government, and the legal sector. (One fan clutching a book newly signed with the technology described it as creepy. Quoth Atwood: “There are far creepier things in the world.”)84Today some believe that the grail of human-computer interaction is to operate machines directly by neural impulse. Writing can unfold at the
162 TRACK CHANGESspeed of thought, without regard for fumbling  ngers, in ammation of the carpal tunnel, or other bodily frailties.85 Indeed, one of the key areas of ap- plication for this research is in adaptive computing technologies for the disabled. Stephen Hawking, whose  rst speech synthesizer was designed by Intel cofounder Gordon Moore and ran on an Apple II, is the most fa- mous bene ciary of ongoing advances in adaptive character input; his cur- rent system uses a corpus of his published writing to predict upcoming words based on context.86 But the aspiration of total disembodiment is part of a teleology that has historically been bound up with the nexus of gender, labor, and inscription that we have been exploring in this chapter.Vannevar Bush’s 1945 “As We May Think” essay for the Atlantic is best remembered for its description of the Memex, a hypothetical document pro- cessing station that anticipated key aspects of electronic hypertext.87 But the Memex occupies only a portion of Bush’s text, which also foresaw tech- nologies as diverse as digital photography and voice recognition. Perhaps its most remarkable prognostication comes at the very end, where Bush imagines a machine that would capture sensory input directly from the optic nerve and route it to an external textual record, thereby eliminating the middleware of manual transcription—and the need for a secretary, or “girl” (he uses the term elsewhere in the essay, whose pronouns are rigidly gendered throughout). His thinking is as follows: “The impulses which  ow in the arm nerves of a typist convey to her  ngers the translated informa- tion which reaches her eye or ear, in order that the  ngers may be caused to strike the proper keys. Might not these currents be intercepted, either in the original form in which information is conveyed to the brain, or in the marvelously metamorphosed form in which they then proceed to the hand?”88Bush had been the wartime director of the Of ce of Scienti c Research and Development, whose commissions included initiating the Manhattan Project. His essay, written expressly with the aim of transitioning the nationalized scienti c establishment to a postwar footing, was to prove enor- mously in uential. That this vision of what we might call “word processing” in arguably its ideologically (and biologically) purist incarnation is mani- fested so concretely in the closing paragraphs speaks volumes as to its centrality in the twentieth-century imagination of both writing and infor- mation. Frank Herbert and Max Barnard echoed the same scenario in Without Me You’re Nothing: “Someday we will attach a computer directly to the human nervous system,” they assured (or frightened) their readers.89
Unseen Hands 163And of course the science is now well under way. Scientists in at least two separate labs have reported on results in which the neural activity associ- ated with distinct letterforms is isolated and recorded, to be reproduced at will. At Mayo Clinic, patients “were asked to look at a computer screen con- taining a 6-by-6 matrix with a single alphanumeric character inside each square. Every time the square with a certain letter  ashed, the patient fo- cused on it and a computer application recorded the brain’s response to the  ashing letter.”90 As a result, according to the lead researcher, “We were able to consistently predict the desired letters for our patients at or near 100 percent accuracy.”91 Of note here are not only the results per se, but also the fact that what enables the isolation of the relevant brain activity from the background noise is the presentation of the individual letters on the screen in a matrix, very much like the spatialization and commodi ca- tion of language Kittler and Bukatman discern in the typewriter keyboard. Another study at the University of Wisconsin–Madison produced results in which participants were able to tweet using EEG sensors alone. It’s slow— no more than eight characters a minute—but speed and accuracy are said to improve with practice.92 If and when they are reproducible at scale, such advances will mark a decisive break with an arc of technological develop- ment that began whenever the  rst people used sticks and charcoal to scratch marks onto the surfaces of their surroundings—the relationship between the work of the hand, an implement that it controls, and the inscriptions thus made de ning the act of writing for millennia to come.In the spring of 1979 novelist Stanley Elkin was in a bed in Barnes Me- morial Hospital in St. Louis after yet another round of complications from his lifelong struggle with heart disease.93 His  rst heart attack had been a decade earlier, when he was only 38. Another—his third or fourth—would kill him in 1995. His heart wasn’t his only worry, however. Elkin, who along with William Gass and the poet Howard Nemerov formed the cornerstone of the thriving Parkview literary scene near Washington University, had also been diagnosed with multiple sclerosis seven years earlier. By 1979 it was taking its toll on the  ne motor control in his hands. You can see the evi- dence in the powder-blue Washington University exam booklets he used to draft his  fth novel, George Mills (1982), which he was writing at the time and which many consider his masterpiece (it won him one of his two Na- tional Book Critics Circle Awards). Their pages are slashed and lashed by
164 TRACK CHANGEShis pen. Whole sentences and paragraphs are scored by cross-outs. The handwriting leans to the right, all strong verticals and horizontals and acute angles. Lower-case a’s become triangles, r’s become inverted v’s. The pen plows right through the red margins on either side of the pages to their edge, giving the eye no respite in white space. There are twenty-eight bluebooks in all, and the writing degenerates progressively across them.94Elkin handed the booklets off for typing—depressing the keys on his Remington manual caused him too much pain in his  ngertips.95 But it was clear that this system was untenable; the pages were dif cult for even a de- termined typist to decipher.96 Somehow, in the course of a bedside conver- sation with his department chair (Elkin held a professorship in writing at Washington University), the idea of a word processor came up.97 The keys would be physically easier to depress than those of the typewriter, and ob- viously the handwriting problem would be solved for good. His department chair, Dan Shea, convinced the university to invest in a Lexitron VT 1303 word processor for Elkin, which would have cost somewhere upward of $10,000. It arrived on June 6, 1979, and Elkin later told Shea that it was the most important day of his literary life.98 He quickly set about composing the second half of George Mills at the keyboard and eventually revised the novel in its entirety.99 The book was  nished by early 1982, and his editor at Dutton was intrigued by the possibility it might be typeset directly from the com- puter diskettes.100At a minimum the Lexitron would have provided a solution for Elkin’s day-to-day challenges getting his writing done. But it proved to be much more than that, becoming an integral part of not only of his creative prac- tice but also his colorful personal identity. At some level Elkin would had to have been self-conscious that the word processor was a product whose primary consumers were intended to be women working in an of ce (the training manuals would have driven home the point). If this troubled him at all, he made no mention. He spoke about the word processor often and affectionately in interviews, including a 1981 appearance on the Dick Ca- vett Show when it would still have seemed very much a novelty to the TV audience.101 Elkin had a penchant for giving things quirky names and nick- names, and the dry, generic labels “Lexitron” and “word processor” were soon dispensed with. It became instead the Bubble Machine, and thus it would remain ever after in his personal lexicon. The name may have come from an episode in his previous novel, The Franchiser (1976), which features a scene with a Wurlitzer jukebox—“ ‘Wait, before you go—the sound system.
Unseen Hands 165Turn on the bubble machine. Hit the lights, please, Cisco.’”102 (Jukeboxes were known as bubble machines for the visual effects produced by methy- lene dichloride boiled in colored glass tubes as the music played.)In effect Elkin was domesticating the technology, dissociating it from the of ce and making it part of the house he shared with his wife, the painter Joan Elkin, which was  lled with gadgetry and objects, including a Betamax video deck and a hotel soap collection stocked by their and their friends’ travels.103 Elkin was also quick to note how it was changing his writing:Plots have become very interesting to me since I started working with the bubble machine. The word processor has facilitated not just the mechanics of one’s writing but has actually facilitated plot, and I’ll tell you why. You write on a word processor: you open the store in the morning, you do what you do, and then it occurs to you, gee, wasn’t there some kind of reference to that earlier on? So you put the machine into the search mode, and you  nd what the reference was earlier, and you can begin to use these things as tools, or nails, in putting the plot together. The word processor facilitates the plot—I really mean that. When I wrote “The MacGuf n,” I was constantly looking back for general references to certain thematic key words, and that really tightens the nuts and bolts. Therefore, my plots have gotten better since I went to work with the word processor, which I did with “George Mills.”104Like a jukebox, the Bubble Machine allowed him to mix and match pieces of his prose, hopping back and forth around the book in progress the way the eponymous device shuf ed its stacks of records (which perhaps for Elkin the eight-inch  oppy disks resembled). And like a jukebox, it even lit up.105 The Bubble Machine was not a cure for his MS, of course; but there is no question it was indispensable in allowing him to keep on with producing his MSS, which is to say his manuscripts—the work of his hands.106
 EIGHTTHINK TAPEWhat is very likely the  rst novel written with a word processor wasn’t written on a word processor with a screen and its words weren’t “pro- cessed” by the novelist who wrote it.The novel in question is Bomber, Len Deighton’s  ctional account of the nighttime air war over German-occupied Europe during World War II. Pub- lished by Jonathan Cape in 1970 to enthusiastic reviews, Bomber follows the course of a single raid by the Royal Air Force (taking place on the de- liberately  ctive date June 31, 1943) through the eyes of dozens of different characters—British and German, combatants and civilians, in the air and on the ground. Deighton’s preparation for writing the novel entailed thou- sands of hours of research, including site visits to many of the locations de- picted in the book, forays into military archives, scores of interviews, and a cross-Channel  ight in a restored German Heinkel He 111. He kept meti- culous notes, all of them color-coded and cross-referenced. The walls of his South London townhome where he worked were papered with maps and air charts of North Central Europe to storyboard the unfolding action, tape and tags marking the positions of different aircraft over the course of the book—an uncanny re-creation of the big-board displays used by wartime air controllers to maintain situational awareness during the actual bombing raids. A chattering telex machine added to the atmosphere.1By the time he began researching and writing Bomber, Deighton was already a cultural celebrity. He had published a half-dozen successful espio- nage thrillers, beginning with The IPCRESS File (1962), which was subse- quently made into a blockbuster movie starring Michael Caine. Spies were166
Think Tape 167then very much in vogue—John le Carré’s career had been launched at the same time as Deighton’s. In Life magazine, Conrad Knickerbocker declared spies (at least the ones then skulking through the pages of popular  ction) to be “hip, committed, engagé and morally relevant.”2 Riding this literary wave in swinging London, Deighton also wrote an illustrated culinary column for the Observer (spinning off a series of best-selling cookbooks) and was travel editor for Playboy magazine (hence the telex machine). But Bomber was to be a darker, more serious, and altogether more ambitious work, its origins lying in the author’s childhood in London during the Blitz and his experiences as a photographer in the Royal Air Force shortly after the conclusion of the war.Sometime in 1968, when writing for the novel was already under way, an IBM representative made a house-call to service the typewriters being used by Deighton and his assistant, an Australian woman named Ellenor Handley who had been working with him for several years. As we have already seen, a successful author can rarely indulge the sort of ennui and isolation affected by, say, the eccentric Mr. Earbrass in Edward Gorey’s ode to the writing life, The Unstrung Harp (1953); instead he or she is likely to be something like the manager of a small of ce, with daily needs for typing,  ling, ac- counting, correspondence, and other such tasks. The circumstances of the of ce secretary that we examined so closely in Chapter 7 thus have bearing on numerous professional authors and their typists or assistants. Individual situations might vary, as in the case of Wendell Berry, who testi ed that Tanya Berry had a conjugal backchannel to his muse. But while Updike dis- missed his typist once he got a word processor, many others, like Stephen King, did not. Both before and after the advent of word processing, as Leah Price and Pamela Thurschwell have compellingly demonstrated, the literary secretary occupied a unique place, “iconic and yet invisible,” at the inter- section of labor, gender, and inscription.3 And Ellenor Handley, it turns out, would occupy a more interesting place than most: “When I started,” she recalls, “Len was using an IBM Golfball machine [Selectric] to type his drafts. . . . He would then hand write changes on the hard copy which I would then update as pages or chapters as necessary by retyping—time con- suming perhaps but I quite liked it as I felt a real part of the process and grew with the book.”4As it turned out, the IBM man was to inform Deighton that Ms. Handley had been retyping some of his chapter drafts as many as two dozen times. Though it was designed for high-volume business environments such as the
168 TRACK CHANGESnearby Shell Centre, IBM had a new machine he thought might help. Would Mr. Deighton care to take a walk and see it in action?He would. As Deighton’s biographer Edward Milward-Oliver describes him, this writer was a “habitual early adopter of practical technology.”5 The machine in question was known as the MT 72, which was the European market’s name for IBM’s Magnetic Tape Selectric Typewriter (MT/ST). By all accounts the arrival of one soon after at Deighton’s Georgian terraced home was an event: a window was removed, and the MT 72’s two-hundred- pound bulk was lifted in with a crane. “Standing in the leafy square in which I lived, watching all this activity, I had a moment of doubt,” Deighton says. “I was beginning to think that I had chosen a rather unusual way to write books.”6When the MT/ST was  rst announced on June 30, 1964, it was accom- panied by the kind of fanfare that today is reserved for Apple product launches. Coverage appeared in the New York Times, the Wall Street Journal, the New York Herald Tribune, and the Lexington Leader (the local paper for the Kentucky bluegrass town where it had been developed and manufactured). It was clear from the headlines that this was something different: the Journal termed it a “brainier” typewriter, while the Leader lauded IBM for “revealing” a new kind of typewriting. IBM’s president, Gordon M. Moodie, hailed it as “a radically new concept in typewriting which will change the traditional approach to typing jobs at thousands of typing stations across the country.”7As its bifurcated name implies, the MT/ST was a compound device: an IBM Selectric typewriter (still cutting-edge in its own right, having debuted only three years earlier) that was connected to a magnetic tape storage unit. At the heart of the hoopla around the new product was this simple fact: the MT/ST was the  rst mass-market general-purpose typewriting technology to implement something we can identify as suspended inscription—“stored typing through changeable, erasable magnetic media” was how Moodie put it at the time, capturing the essentials.8 The basic principle was straightfor- ward: at the same instant it was imprinted on the page, each individual keystroke was also recorded as data on a magnetic tape cartridge (each car- tridge held approximately 24,000 characters), which could then be played back to have the machine go about the task of automatically printing (and reprinting and reprinting . . . ) a page of text at the rate of some 170 words
Think Tape 169per minute. Backspacing to correct an error resulted in the usual blemishes on whatever piece of paper was in the Selectric’s rollers at the time, but the revised sequence of characters was what got stored on the tape: clean texts could then be produced literally at the push of a button, without the need for time-consuming and imperfect erasures. Sentence spacing, line lengths, even hyphenated words were all automatically adjusted as revisions were introduced, one of the more technically impressive features of the product. Cumbersome carbons were eliminated because multiple copies of any doc- ument were so easily had. Even more signi cantly, the typing mechanism could be halted while in “playback” mode to allow for the manual insertion of additional text; this made it ideal for forms and form letters of all types. With dual tape reels in the storage unit (and Deighton would opt for such a model) a skilled operator could retain two different bodies of text at the ready “on-line,” and blend them with one another in the course of producing hard copy—what we would today call a mail merge. Finally, and perhaps most tantalizingly, reference codes could be invisibly inserted into the stored copy of the text to act as markers or  ags for later search and retrieval. (For a project such as Bomber, which involved continuous cross-referencing be- tween the different narrative episodes, this was to prove a particular asset.)9Development on what was to become the MT/ST had begun as early as 1956 at IBM’s main of ces in Poughkeepsie, New York—some four or  ve years before the Expensive Typewriter program was written for the TX-0 at MIT. By 1958 the design team had moved to IBM’s newly opened typewriting manufacturing plant in Lexington. Leon Cooper was the lead engineer and recalls the early ambitions for the project, which were initially limited to storing keystrokes on tape or some other correctable medium and then playing them back to print out copies on demand.10 Even in this nascent form, however, the notion of “suspended inscription”—a principle so convenient and compelling in theory—presented a host of prac- tical problems. Because line lengths could shift as words were corrected or inserted, for example, the machine had to tell the difference between hard hyphens and soft hyphens: If a word was hyphenated merely because it broke at the end of the line, its soft hyphen could otherwise disappear; but hard hyphens had to remain no matter what. Initially, introducing two separate hyphenation keys, which the typist would have been expected to discriminate between, was what solved the problem.More signi cantly, when the project  rst began, there was no IBM type- writer capable of functioning as both an input and an output device, which
170 TRACK CHANGESis to say capable of both creating and receiving character codes. The ear- liest prototypes therefore used two separate keyboards; one was from an IBM keypunch machine (which encoded the character, which was then stored in a relay); a typewriter then received the stored code and printed it on a sheet of paper. The result was thus an “amalgamation of what IBM used to do in keypunch and what we were headed for in digital recording on tape,” as Cooper recalls.11 The existence of this variety of equipment for keying, punching, and encoding words, and the place of such devices in the standard office environment, testifies to the extent to which the textual landscape the MT/ST was joining was already a complex skein of human-machine modulations: Text migrated from one medium to another, shape-shifted in and out of human legibility,  owed from reel to page and page to reel, oscillated between manual and “automatic” means of inscrip- tion. Different keyboards could punch cards, perforate tape, imprint ink, and encode messages to a computer. Tape could be either paper or mag- netic, and could store programmed instructions, documents, or the human voice. Even celluloid could store the printed page in the form of micro lm.The advent of the IBM Selectric eventually solved the character encoding problem, allowing a single typewriter to be used as both an input and output device. Other problems, however, presented themselves, seemingly at every turn. A special sprocket-driven tape had to be developed in-house at IBM, for example. It had to be sealed within its plastic cartridge with a novel technique utilizing ultrasonic vibrations; and it needed a special chemical solvent to strip the magnetic oxide coding in its lead; and so on.12 The devel- opment team, which initially consisted of Cooper and a handful of others, grew to hundreds. As the work accelerated, further possibilities suggested themselves to the designers, most notably adding a separate track on the recording medium for the so-called reference codes (which enabled search) and then adding a second tape drive. A user could create and de ne a block of writing and store it separately from the main body of their document: suddenly text was not just recordable and replayable, it was modularly ad- dressable and accessible.13Meanwhile, IBM’s marketing division was also getting ready. When it de- buted in 1961, an IBM Selectric retailed for $500. The MT/ST would be priced a whole order of magnitude higher—at just under $10,000, an “ex- pensive typewriter” if ever there was one. How to sell a product at such a staggering price point, especially when the same sales force had just been in and out of the same of ces pitching the Selectric, itself heralded as revo- lutionary for its single-element interchangeable typing ball?
Think Tape 171The  rst decision within IBM was to utilize a separate sales force, spe- ci cally the one charged with handling the Of ce Products Division’s dic- tation equipment as opposed to the Selectric itself.14 This decision was to have far-reaching consequences for what was to become known as “word processing,” as it directly yoked the executive’s microphone to the secretary’s keyboard, thus ensuring that a single sales representative now handled a complete system for the origination, revision, and duplication of text. The next challenge for marketing lay in  nding the best way to exploit the na- ture of the technology itself. The MT/ST was oriented toward revision-heavy typing tasks—so-called volume typing, or, in the phrase the marketing de- partment soon hit upon, “power typing.” IBM quickly realized that the correctable nature of the magnetic storage medium made it particularly rel- evant to scenarios wherein a line of prose might be worked over multiple times, which was precisely what slowed down even the most ef cient typist and forced the endless dilemmas between stopgap solutions like erasers and correcting  uid versus retyping pages in their entirety. IBM produced de- tailed time management studies for the sales force to draw on, demonstrating the cost-effectiveness of the MT/ST even with its stratospheric price tag.15There was another consequence of the MT/ST’s price point: one didn’t purchase such an expensive piece of equipment only to have it sitting dor- mant for large swaths of the day as a secretary attended to the multitude of other routine tasks with which she was charged.16 As a consequence the MT/ ST contributed directly to the word processing center as an organizational construct. An IBM sales representative would come through the door, and, armed with the latest data and statistics, make a pitch encouraging the busi- ness to radically change its internal system of text production. The sales rep would have examples and precedents from other businesses, right down to  oor plans. He could furnish the complete suite of hardware necessary to carry a word or a sentence from an executive’s lips to a typewritten page, as crisp and clean and blemish-free as a starched white shirt. While all of this seems an unlikely milieu for a novelist to step into, the fact that the MT/ST was marketed for revision-heavy of ce work would serve to make Len Deighton—committed, as he was, to “practical” technologies—and his as- sistant, Ellenor Handley, the ultimate power users.When Deighton visited the ultramodern high-rise Shell Centre on the South Bank of the Thames to see the MT/ST in action, he was en- countering it in exactly the setting it had been designed for. In much the
172 TRACK CHANGESsame way that the perceived excess of information in digital form is now a common focalizer for doubts and fears about the online world, the over- abundance of paper was the central anxiety of this earlier moment. Van- nevar Bush was among the  rst to sound the alarm: he warned that the scienti c research establishment that had been so crucial to the Allied war effort was increasingly in danger of being “bogged down” under a “moun- tain of research.”17 For Bush this was a generalized anxiety about the sheer quantity of information, and its division or compartmentalization into areas of increasing specialization. The scientist (or citizen) could not hope to keep up with it all without the advent of new tools for organizing information, the most important of which was the Memex, Bush’s interactive workstation for manipulating what was then another cutting-edge document technology: micro lm. But while the Memex is widely cited as a precursor to the per- sonal computer, it was never actually built; more than two decades later by the time of Deighton’s visit to the Shell Centre, the technology of choice for business and science remained paper.And not without reason. In their book The Myth of the Paperless Of ce, Abigail J. Sellen and Richard H. R. Harper summarize the manifold advan- tages of paper: it is “thin, light, porous, opaque, [and]  exible,” and this in turn allows “many different human actions, such as grasping, carrying, ma- nipulating, folding, and in combination with a marking tool, writing on.”18 Even today, in an era of touch-sensitive tablet computers with E-Ink,  exible screens, and ubiquitous computing just around the corner, these characteristics can still only be emulated and approximated by our digital devices. (To wit: the popularity of Moleskine notebooks with tech-savvy millennials.) But what’s arguably the single most important property of paper—integral to its identity ever since the advent of wood pulping in the latter half of the nineteenth century—was also to prove its bane. For what- ever else it was, paper was also, of course, cheap. This lent it a remarkable capacity to proliferate: “Paper tends, always, to generate more paper,” de- clared two specialists writing on behalf of the American Management As- sociation in 1974.19It was plain to contemporary observers that the ef ciencies or else the ineptitude of an of ce were externalized in the procedures it developed for handling paper: its routes and trails, its revision and duplication, its signing and mailing and  ling in triplicate. The twentieth century’s gradual com- pression of the term “paper work”— rst two separate words, then conjoined by a hyphen, then a single compound term—as much as anything signals
Think Tape 173the term’s inexorable encroachment. Paper begat not only paper, but also papers—formal academic studies. Statistics abounded on every conceivable aspect of of ce productivity: the cost of typing a letter (about $4, or per- haps closer to $15 if multiple rewrites are required); the cost of  ling it (about 4 cents); the number of cubic feet (1.5 to 2) of stored paper a typical em- ployee generates per annum; the cost per cubic foot of  ling space; the cost per annum to maintain it; and so on.20 The overall picture that emerges is of a corporate culture obsessed with the economics of managing and con- trolling the “mountain” of paper (the metaphor, the same one initially em- ployed by Bush, appears repeatedly in the literature) and converting excesses to productivity.No single artifact better encapsulates the anxieties of the era than a 1967  ve-minute short  lm “The Paperwork Explosion,” produced by IBM and directed by Jim Henson (who had previously designed a mascot character for the Electric Typewriter Division named Rowlf).21 Its presentation and pacing—an avant-garde mixture of montage and electronic soundscapes composed by musician Raymond Scott—is deliberately jarring. For the  rst 30 seconds there is no dialog, just a rapid succession of technological and industrial images. The  lm then shifts to a pattern of juxtaposing brief sound bites from a variety of different speakers, each of which builds on the core theme: “At IBM, our work is related to the paperwork explosion.” The montage continues, but paper and machines for handling it now dominate the imagery: copiers, feeders, shredders, sorters, mailers. “There’s always been a lot of paperwork in an of ce.” On cue, the  lm’s title is literalized with a boom and burst of smoke, followed by pages  uttering through the blue sky.The unifying  gure in the  lm, appearing at intervals throughout, is a gaffer we initially see leaning on a farmyard fence and  ring a corncob pipe, a stark contrast to the frenetic pace otherwise established. “Seems to me, we could use some help,” he declares as the wind furls his white hair. Enter IBM, and speci cally its Of ce Products Division, which had been the Elec- tric Typewriter Division up until 1964, the same year the MT/ST was introduced. “IBM can help you with the time it takes to do the paperwork.” Voice dictation recorders, along with the MT/ST, are featured at this point in the  lm with close-ups, accompanied by testimonials and statistics. “Used systematically throughout an of ce, these IBM machines can increase people’s productivity by 50 percent.” The  lm then enters its  nal move- ment. The pace quickens, the cuts come faster and faster. “IBM machines
174 TRACK CHANGEScan do the work so that people have time to think.” “Machines should do the work; that’s what they’re best at. People should do the thinking; that’s what they’re best at.” “Machines should work; people should think.” Cut back to the gaffer, who after a contemplative pull on his pipe, delivers one  nal line: “So I don’t do much work anymore; I’m too busy thinking.” Clo- sure thus comes with a touch of comic relief, the realization that the gaffer—the only individual not dressed in business attire and situated in the only locale that is not an of ce interior or an industrial site—is perhaps the  gure we can all aspire to be with the aid of IBM.22Cinematically, the sort of imagery one  nds in the Henson  lm—close-ups of machines for sorting and stacking and typing and copying reams of paper—would become the stock visual signature of its era, much like the cascades of luminescent ones and zeroes that would follow a decade and a half later. There would have been no question for any member of the pro- fessional managerial class that they were then living in an information age. “Information,” declared one authority, “is the end product of paperwork.”23 This is what Shoshana Zuboff meant by what she termed “informatting,” the way in which information was capable of autonomously generating more information.24 And computerization notwithstanding, information was still largely made out of paper: “No data come out of the computer without having been somewhere, somehow, part of a paperwork operation,” as the same industry authority put it.25Though the words are never spoken in the  lm, the solution to the paper- work explosion—the means to harness all that undirected energy—was of course word processing. The proliferation of that term—again referring to an organizational concept rather than any one speci c technology—can be traced through a variety of publications in the professional business man- agement literature. Probably the term  rst appeared in print in the United States in 1970. Its de nition at the time, given in a trade journal called American Management, includes the concepts of both dictation and typing, utilizes the language of centralization, ef ciency, and  ow, and compares word processing to what Henry Ford’s assembly line did for automobiles.26 The actual origin of the term, however, appears to have involved an inter- action between one of IBM’s German sales executives, Ulrich Steinhilper, and an American counterpart, Samuel J. Kalow.The problem that initially brought the two together was IBM’s dictation technology; German companies were proving unwilling to invest in the ma- chines on behalf of secretaries who could take shorthand just as easily.
Think Tape 175Kalow suggested that the dictation machines belonged instead in the hands of executives; the secretary would then type up a transcript of the tape. The dictation machine, insisted Kalow, should be the only device used by an ex- ecutive besides the telephone.27 Steinhilper, working from concepts he had been pondering for a number of years, then went a step further, formally yoking both dictation and typing into a complete work ow—or word ow— that he termed textverarbeitung, the literal translation of which is “text processing.”28Likely as early as 1955 Steinhilper had sketched a  owchart that explic- itly placed “text processing” in parallel to data processing: the  rst cell in the chart, unifying both in a common action, was labeled “Think”; thinking then diverged into the activities of either writing or calculation, which led in turn to the material realization of thoughts in the form of either text or data, respectively. Word processing or data processing (presumably implying actual products and services) were then applied to the text and data, leading the viewer to the  nal cell, reuniting both concepts under the aegis of the IBM brand.29 (This diagram is an exemplary artifact of what Paul Erickson et al. have termed “Cold War rationality.”)30 To test his concepts, Steinhilper initiated a study at the Mercedes-Benz headquarters in Stuttgart to calcu- late the typical of ce costs involved in producing written textual communi- cations. Text, he soon con rmed, was expensive. So expensive, in fact, that an outlay of a few thousand deutsche marks for an integrated text processing system would quickly be offset, saving time and money once an of ce com- mitted to the IBM way.The phrase “text processing” was in fact already in use within IBM’s Data Processing Division, the great internal rival to the Electric Typewriter Division—which was itself renamed Of ce Products in 1964, the year of the MT/ST’s launch. Kalow and others had lobbied for “Word Processing Division” instead, but they were unsuccessful. The novel construction, how- ever, with its clear delineation in relation to Data Processing, nonethe- less stuck and became widely associated with a variety of IBM products. Thomas Haigh cites a 1974 report noting that the Of ce Products Divi- sion was “calling virtually everything it makes a piece of word processing equipment—from a dictating machine on up to an of ce copier.”31 From there, word processing—as we have seen—took hold as a more general concept in of ce management, thereby recapturing some of Steinhilper’s original ambitions for the term. (And in 1971 IBM had duly acknowledged him for having coined textverarbeitung for them.)32
176 TRACK CHANGESWord processing was the fruit of business and managerial science’s best attempts to come to grips with the paperwork explosion by automating and centralizing resources, maximizing the labor and productivity of executives and secretaries alike, aggressively advancing a variety of new technologies, and generally bringing to document production the same rigor and ruth- less desire for ef ciency that were characteristic of other areas of business operations, such as inventory control and accounting. Word processing, in short, was a means to an end. And that end was not pixels, but paper.The early press coverage around the MT/ST yielded two very different kinds of stories: the revolutionary potential of magnetic tape storage in conjunction with typewriting, which promised to usher in an era of “per- fect”  nal copy at a fraction of the previous effort, and a second phenom- enon, hinted at in IBM president Moodie’s comments about changing the traditional approach to typing tasks. The New York Times and the Wall Street Journal were both unabashedly more explicit: “Another giant step towards reducing secretaries to a purely decorative role was demonstrated yesterday by IBM” was the Journal’s lead.33 The Times was only slightly more dispassionate in tone: “The International Business Machines Corpo- ration introduced yesterday a typewriter that it believes will eliminate a lot of the drudgery of the secretary’s job. It may also eliminate a lot of secre- taries.”34 This wanton, even cruel language provided the initial framing for the coverage in both of the major dailies. (The Lexington Leader stuck to the facts about the MT/ST’s technical innovations.)35 Of course, as we have seen, IBM itself planned to aggressively market the machine (and justify its price tag) exactly on the basis of such cost-bene t calculations.The notion that the MT/ST and advances in of ce technology more gen- erally would decimate secretarial labor also belied another reality: that it was precisely secretaries who were going to have to operate the new equip- ment, learning how to interact with the machine and leverage its capabili- ties with a very high degree of sophistication. Yet the importance of such skills was rarely acknowledged. “Women’s labor, no matter how much tech- nical dexterity, mental expertise, or training it requires, is usually de ned as inferior simply because it is women’s labor,” argues Juliet Webster, sur- facing the tautological logic that underlay the conundrum that a secretary’s expertise was required to run the very machine that was supposed to be replacing her.36 IBM itself realized that it would take an extraordinary ef-
Think Tape 177fort to retool the secretarial workforce for this “new concept” in of ce tech- nology.37 Thus, even as the engineering team was readying the MT/ST for launch, the educational and sales division—the “customer engineers”—were orchestrating an extensive training regimen. Training manuals and work- books were written, curricula and tutorials were mooted, and exercises were drafted. Dedicated training centers within IBM showrooms were estab- lished, with an intensive schedule of classes and demonstrations. There new operators could work “free from ordinary of ce distractions,” and even more importantly, in the company of their peers.38 But it wasn’t just the com- plexity and intricacy of the machine that compelled attention, or even the allure of “power typing;” it was, as IBM’s in-house newspaper put it, the fact that the MT/ST would “lend the aura of its prestige to typists across the country as they learn to use its tape logic.”39 This notion of “tape logic” would quickly be condensed into a distinctive catchphrase, “Think Tape,” that ap- peared throughout the company’s instructional literature.The whole point of the MT/ST technology, after all, was that the real record of the text was stored not on the page but electromagnetically, which is to say on a reel.40 It wasn’t enough, then, for a secretary to master the basic procedures for storing and retrieving text, accomplished with the aid of the push-button console and knobs; she also had to internalize the logic of the tape storage system in order to  nd her way around a document and bring the machine’s full capabilities to bear. Because language was atom- ized at the level of individual keystrokes, the MT/ST treated any text as simply one long, unbroken string. Spaces between words and carriage returns and the like simply constituted more data, in the form of special formatting codes. Backspacing to correct an error on the page meant re- winding the tape a single character, which would then be overwritten with the new keystroke. The operator, therefore, had to assimilate this linear logic, learning to navigate the tape through recourse to various kinds of codes and internal divisions, which might take the form of an individual word or line or page or some other unit of text that had been invisibly indicated.But the MT/ST was also an irreducibly material entity. It was noisy, for one thing,  lling the room with clicks and clacks and bumps and thumps, to say nothing of the constant background whirr of the motor. A skilled op- erator would learn to navigate the tape not only by sight and by touch, but also by sound, using aural cues to know, for example, when a reference code had been set successfully (it made a distinctive noise). The most dif cult
178 TRACK CHANGEStask for an operator to conceptualize was so-called revision typing. Not just backspacing to correct an immediate error, but introducing changes to the text after a draft had already been completed. Inserting new text into an existing document required setting the machine in playback mode (a twist of a knob), and then waiting until the automatic printing cycle (170 words per minute, remember) was approaching the point at which the changes needed to be introduced. The operator would then control the print job manually, advancing the output word by word, and stopping the process al- together to type the new text in the correct location. It was in those situa- tions that Thinking Tape was of paramount importance (all emphases in original):Typists are accustomed to thinking in terms of lines of typing. But now, as you go into revision typing, stop thinking about what you see on the printed page. Start thinking about what is recorded on the tape.As you study the tape logic involved in revision typing, it will be easier to understand what is happening if you learn to visualize the tape. Any time you wonder why the machine acted as it did, or you wonder what will happen when you depress a particular button, visualize the characters on the tape!At times you should diagram a recording yourself . . . to help “picture” the tape and answer your questions. Sounds simple, but it works. Do it when- ever you question why the machine responded as it did.Think of continuous tape, not printed lines.41The logic of “thinking tape” is thus revealed: the machine is the ultimate authority. The operators must adjust their instincts and expectations accord- ingly. Attention to individual lines of type must be replaced by awareness of the reel of tape. Not only was the operator encouraged to “visualize” the tape itself, but the workbook helpfully included a full page of blank tape diagrams, divided into cells, that she could pencil in with actual characters for a particularly knotty sequence. On the same page as the paragraphs just quoted, a diagrammatic strip of tape with characters assigned to their indi- vidual cells is seamlessly spliced to a photorealistic length of tape unspooled from an actual reel in a tape cartridge.The injunction to “think tape” therefore allowed the MT/ST’s instructors and operators to give voice to the conceptual challenges inherent in a new kind of writing, which they otherwise lacked a coherent vocabulary to ex- press. The surface of the tape on which texts were recorded with character     
Think Tape 179codes (inscribed as magnetic  ux reversals) was made visible and legible, partly through careful documentation and explanation, and partly through hands-on visualization routines that functioned as a supplementary writing space in which the human operator could attempt to emulate the logic of the machine.Of course, IBM’s customer engineers and their pupils weren’t the only ones then learning to “think tape.” Tape, along with its potential for pro- cessing (in the form of cutting and splicing), was also the preoccupation of William S. Burroughs and confederates like Ian Sommerville and Brion Gysin. The commercial rollout of the MT/ST coincided almost exactly with Burroughs and Sommerville’s experiments with a Philips “Carry Corder,” or compact cassette recorder. For them, the fascination was in the clandes- tine portability of the device: it could be brought into any situation and used to surreptitiously record what was going on, and the record could then be played back at some unexpected time and place. Some of the exploits they proposed were merely prankish—one could record street sounds like a  re engine, for example, and later surprise one’s companions with the siren. But one could also use the device to record routine of ce interactions: “Record your bosses and co-workers analyze their associational patterns learn to imitate their voices oh you’ll be a popular man around the of ce but not easy to compete with,” Burroughs wrote in The Ticket That Exploded (1967).42 The emphasis on knowledge of “associational patterns” and the like placed this scenario more or less in line with such recommendations as might have been found in the publications of the American Manage- ment Association.Burroughs and Gysin went a step further in their famous cut-up tech- niques, splicing tape segments together to create collage effects with voices and sounds—just as an earlier generation of Dadaists created poetry by ran- domly assembling cut-up newspaper text. Both the cut-up technique and the ethos of tape “processing” (a word Burroughs used explicitly) speak to a common zeitgeist, in which language (whether spoken or written) is sub- ject to habitual decomposition and rearrangement.43 There were thus more than casual correspondences between what was happening in the avant- garde and what was happening in the of ce. The tacit knowledge that was re- quired in order to slice and splice the tape cut-ups would have been shared by any of ce secretary trained on one of the several varieties of equipment used to record form letters on rolls of paper tape; she would have known how to manipulate these tapes to create different combinations of text, sometimes
180 TRACK CHANGESliterally cutting and pasting—precisely the kind of task the MT/ST was designed to eliminate.44 And Burroughs himself, of course, had a deep familial connection to typewriters and of ce machinery as the grandson of the founder of the Burroughs Corporation. (We have seen that Evelyn Berezin’s Redactron Corporation was sold to the Burroughs Corporation in 1975, where its products became the Burroughs Redactor line of word processors.)More even than “typing on glass,” tape was the medium that initially de ned word processing. There was clearly enough in the air to tell a dis- cerning author that something fundamental was changing in the world of writing. John Barth was thinking about tape in his novel Giles Goat-Boy (1966), which is presented under the  ctional conceit of a found text origi- nating on computer tapes from the “WESCAC” mainframe (it includes a “post-tape” as well as a postscript); Harlan Ellison’s “I Have No Mouth and Must Scream,” with its swaths of tape-punched “talk elds” (so troublesome for the text’s compositors), was published a year later in 1967. The Italian poet Nanni Ballestrini was using a computer program to manipulate and recombine texts on tape as early as 1961.45Tape was a very different surface for writing than either the typewritten page or the glowing glass screen. It was possessed of its own irreducible geometry and logic. Not pointing and clicking, not carriage returns, but recording and playback. Why think tape? As the Of ce Products Division manual had reminded the trainee, a perfect tape meant perfection on the page.46After his MT/ST was delivered and installed in the dramatic fashion de- scribed, Deighton would continue his custom of writing while standing at an upright Selectric, fed by a long roll of telex paper. It was Ellenor Handley who set about the task of mastering the new acquisition, just like thousands of secretaries before her in more conventional of ce settings. There were several false starts and mechanical issues to sort out (the ma- chine could be temperamental), but soon enough it was fully integrated into the work ow for Bomber. Deighton’s drafting was characterized by a careful system for producing typescript on paper of different colors, corresponding to the different narrative points of view exhibited in the book. This allowed him easy access to individual segments and also the ability to take in, liter- ally at a glance, the balance and distribution of opposing perspectives as the
Think Tape 181stack of manuscript pages grew. “One might almost think the word pro- cessor (as it was eventually named) was built to my requirements,” he later commented:I am a slow worker so that each book takes well over a year—some took sev- eral years—and I had always “constructed” my books rather than written them. Until the IBM machine arrived I used scissors and paste (actually Copydex one of those milk glues) to add paras, dump pages and rearrange sections of material. Having been trained as an illustrator I saw no reason to work from start to  nish. I reasoned that a painting is not started in the top left hand corner and  nished in the bottom right corner: why should a book be put together in a straight line?47This description of what we might call Deighton’s own cut-up technique sug- gests his familiarity with the MT/ST, but he himself freely admits, “It was nearly always my secretary who used that machine.”48 The reality is prob- ably more complicated than either of his statements can reveal on their own. While Deighton and Handley’s division of labor comports with the word processing paradigm as it was then being established in of ce environments, the two nonetheless worked in close physical proximity to one another, often in the same room (the MT/ST was installed in Deighton’s ground- oor study). There must have been the unselfconscious leaning over shoulders, gestures, pointing, and quick staccato conversations of the kind that char- acterize intense long-term collaborations. There must, in other words, have been moments when Deighton, Handley, and the MT/ST fused together in something like a cybernetic loop—the very essence of word processing in its full systemic sense. Thus, even as literary production modeled itself on corporate practice, it modi ed and scaled those practices to more human levels where traditional roles and distinctions might erode. This kind of phe- nomenon doubtless helps account for Handley’s feeling like “a real part of the process,” even as it also explains Deighton’s affection for the intricacies of the hardware.Bomber was greeted with considerable acclaim upon its publication in 1970. Today (especially in the United Kingdom) it is still regarded as an important work of  ction about the Second World War, praised by Anthony Burgess and Kingsley Amis, among others. The BBC adapted it as a real- time radio drama, aired in 1995 and again in 2011; and it was included on the “lost” Man Booker long list for 1970 mooted in 2010.49 But it has still another claim on literary history: “There is no doubt in my mind that it was
182 TRACK CHANGES‘groundbreaking’ and I’m sure we all felt so at the time,” Handley comments, referring to the role of the MT/ST technology.50Clearly Deighton too had sensed something of its signi cance. Employing the British nomenclature for the MT/ST and its model number, he notes in the afterword to the original edition: “This is perhaps the  rst book to be entirely recorded on magnetic tape for the IBM 72 IV.”51 His statement ac- knowledges a fact about the book’s production, but it also signals some- thing more: For likely the  rst time in history, a newly composed work of full-length literary  ction existed not just in however many leaves of man- uscript or typescript the author had accumulated in the course of writing it, and not just in the various printings and editions that followed, but in another format as well, a format composed entirely of codes (actually minute  uctuations across a band of magnetic tape coated in iron oxide).52 These codes were perfectly legible, but not to human eyes—a skilled operator like Handley could perhaps approximate the logic of the machine by “thinking tape,” but the magnetically recorded text itself would remain a cipher until output on a plain sheet of paper.Nor did this feat entirely escape recognition at the time. At least one early report from the American Management Association took note of Deighton’s use of a word processor, hailing it as an example of the technology’s “unex- plored potential” “within the very private and creative world of the profes- sional writer.”53 Why, if Leo Tolstoy had also had an “automatic typewriter,” ventured the report’s authors, perhaps he might have saved enough time and energy in the revisions to War and Peace to have written another master- piece! (Apparently no one told them that Tolstoy was famously photographed with what were labeled his “three assistants”—two female secretaries and one mechanical typewriter—let alone about Anna Karenina and perhaps one or two other masterpieces.) But then, in a brazen act of erasure, the au- thors omit from the chunks of Deighton’s afterword quoted in their report his explicit mention there of Handley as operator of the machine. This cannot be mere happenstance. Handley represented an unwelcome intrusion into the “private” and “creative” world that is the presumptive sanctum of traditional literary authorship. Or as Price and Thurschwell wryly note, “The opposite of genius is typist.”54 So the authors of the AMA report must have felt, prefer- ring not to despoil the image of the high-tech, high-powered novelist at the helm of his machine. I have endeavored to furnish a truer rendering here.Deighton moved to Ireland shortly after  nishing Bomber. The MT/ST (which required constant care and upkeep) did not follow him. By 1980,
Think Tape 183however, he had acquired an Olivetti TES 501 word processor secondhand from the American novelist Richard Condon (best known for The Manchu- rian Candidate [1959]) who was then also living in Ireland;55 it had a one- line LED display and stored text on a pair of 51⁄4-inch  oppy disks. Handley continued to work for him through the 1970s, eventually also typesetting his manuscripts with a product called the IBM Composer.56In an eerie historical coincidence, Ulrich Steinhilper had  own Messer- schmitts for the Luftwaffe in the early years of the Second World War, making ace before being shot down over Kent in England, captured, and shipped off to a prison camp in Ontario (from which he escaped, multiple times). He wrote several books about these exploits after his retirement from IBM, which are still popular among military aviation buffs. He also became a frequent guest at commemorative air shows in Great Britain. Less than a decade after  nishing Bomber with the assistance of the machine that was the  rst consumer realization of the concept Steinhilper had survived the war to name, Deighton would author a classic non ction account of the Battle of Britain: it would be entitled simply Fighter (1977). Given the avia- tion circles in which they both moved, it is not at all beyond the realm of possibility that Steinhilper and Deighton crossed paths at some point. But it is not likely they understood their signi cance to one another if so.Bomber was a harbinger of what we would today call a techno-thriller. While the book broke new ground with its complex portrayals of characters on both sides of the Channel, it is also a book about a new type of warfare that depended on long-range weapons and sensors, the human combatants never seeing one another face to face. “Sometimes,” opines one character early on, “I think it’s just the machines of Germany  ghting the machines of Britain.”57 Those words, of course, indisputably belong to Len Deighton. But the hands that recorded and processed them using the MT/ST belong to Ellenor Handley.
 NINEREVEAL CODESWhen John Barth needed to  nd a way to introduce a collection of his short stories in the aftermath of the September 11 attacks, he turned to a word processing metaphor—WYSIWYG, or “Wys” for short—conferring its name on the “brackish tidewater marsh-nymph” who becomes Barth’s interlocutor as he works through his relationship to what would now strike him as eleven “mostly Autumnal and impossibly innocent” pieces of  ction.1 Joan Didion begins The Year of Magical Thinking (2006) by recounting the properties of the Microsoft Word  le containing the  rst words she wrote after her husband’s death from a heart attack as he was sitting across the kitchen table from her. The  le’s seemingly inconsequential technical details are proffered by Didion as a kind of touchstone, an objective anchor for her memories even as she asserts her autonomy over a misleading date stamp: “That would have been a case of my opening the  le and re exively pressing save when I closed it.”2 Paul Kafka’s Love [ENTER] (1997) features chapters named for its characters with a date stamp and a time stamp and the suf x .doc appended to each of them, for example “10/23/92 23:06 Bou. Doc.” Anne Carson embeds computer syntax directly into the title of her 2013 book-length prose poem Red Doc>. Elly Bulkin’s Enter Password: Re- covery / Re-Enter Password (1990) uses “recovery”—a word associated with restoring digital information—as both the eponymous password to her electronic journal and a starting point for a meditation about memory. Micro- serfs (1995), Douglas Coupland’s  ctional ethnography of day-to-day life on the lower rungs of the corporate computer world, takes the form of a journal that its narrator, Daniel Underwood, keeps on his PowerBook laptop;184
Reveal Codes 185periodically the digital consciousness of the PowerBook interrupts the nar- rative with typographic displays of word art in outsized fonts that are data dumps of its internal memory, the zeitgeist of the book’s contemporary moment, or both. Meanwhile, Jeanette Winterson’s novel The PowerBook (2000) is about a writer who works online; its sections are named with fa- miliar but resonant commands like SEARCH, VIEW, and EMPTY TRASH.Poets likewise took notice of their computers: in a 1988 poem that still re- appears regularly on the Internet, Gary Snyder explains to us, “Why I Take Good Care of My Macintosh”: “because my computer and me are both brief / in this world, both foolish, and we have earthly fates.”3 Charles Bukowski, besides writing of Osbornes, Kaypros, and Intel 8088 chips, also mentioned his computer frequently in his poetry and letters (and soon enough, email) after getting a Macintosh IIsi for Christmas in 1990.4 “My Computer” (1997) details his editors’ consternation upon hearing the news of this acquisition: “I am aware that a / computer can’t create / a poem. / but neither can a / type- writer” is Bukowski’s rejoinder.5 Robert Crumb drew the disheveled Bukowski sitting in front of his keyboard and monitor: “Old writer puts on a sweater, sits down, leers into computer screen, and writes about life. How holy can we get?” reads the caption, thereby demonstrating how fully computers had been assimilated into the stock of cultural imagery around writing and authorship.6 Jacques Derrida’s le petit Mac, meanwhile, is memorialized by Michael Fried in a poem that contrasts the abrupt news of Derrida’s terminal diagnosis with a vision of the philosopher closing the cover of his laptop.7For writers spending so much time with a keyboard and mouse beneath their  ngertips and the glowing pixels of a screen angled in front of their eyes, it was inevitable that they would begin exploring and exploiting word processing technology in their own literary language and technique. This deliberately diverse and eclectic set of examples—and there are dozens, if not hundreds more, from the last three decades of publishing—are all in- stances wherein the mundane conventions of writers’ computers and word processors are invited into the aesthetic or affective space of their work, thereby offering up new reservoirs of images, tropes, and formal devices.8 At  rst some authors, like Anne Rice, Tom Clancy, and Umberto Eco, were content merely to sneak mentions of their freshly out-of-the-box computers into their prose. In like manner, Don DeLillo, who remained loyal to his typewriter, cast his writer-protagonist Bill Gray in Mao II (1991) as a re- fusenik; a character who is portrayed as an enthusiastic convert presses him on the question: “I would think for a man who clearly reworks and re nes
186 TRACK CHANGESas much as you do, a word processor would be a major blessing.” But Gray, like DeLillo, is unmoved.9 Other writers, such as Stephen King and John Updike, found an unlikely muse to indulge in works like “The Word Processor” (1983) and “INVALID.KEYSTROKE” (1983). John Varley produced a longish short story, “Press Entern,” whose characters had names like Kluge, Hal Lanier, and Osborne; it was published just a year after King’s story, and despite those in-jokes is rather more harrowing.10 Soon, however, the technology became just another part of the routine scaffolding of plots and settings. Russell Hoban’s novel The Medusa Frequency (1987) places its nocturnal author protagonist in front of an Apple II where, late at night, the words on the screen “come out of a green dancing and excitation of phosphors.”11What these examples have in common is that (unlike earlier, fantastic de- pictions of writing machines by authors such as Calvino, Leiber, and Lem) they are marked by the presence of actual products and brand names: Apple, WordStar, Wang, TRS-80, Macintosh, and so on. Even when endowed with supernatural powers, the technology of personal computing is otherwise portrayed in a newly realist manner—the Apple II really did have a green monochrome screen, Microsoft Word documents really are called “.docs,” and the existential crises of characters were given dimension by actual soft- ware functions like ENTER and EXECUTE. Readers, many of whom would have owned the same computers themselves, would have recognized these details as authentic.Tao Lin, who is often singled out for the ruthlessly minimalistic prose style he achieves through many dozens of iterations of his texts through his word processor, is also known for embedding chat sessions, email, and other forms of electronic communication in his  ction: “I want to change my novel to present tense,” says a character in the midst of one such exchange. “Is there some Microsoft Word thing to do that,” Sam wonders, doubtless ven- triloquizing Lin himself who routinely avails himself of such functions.12 Taking its title from the venerable WordPerfect command used to display the underlying formatting markup of a text, this chapter will look at some of the ways in which  ction and poetry became occasions for authors to ex- plore word processing’s unique formal and imaginative elements—the ma- terial codes of a new relationship between technology and the literary.Writers began taking advantage of computers and word processors in substantive ways, seizing upon their potential to serve as signi cant devices (literary devices) in their  ction. One of the most noteworthy ex-
Reveal Codes 187amples comes from Henry Roth and the tetralogy of novels written in the mid-1990s and published collectively as Mercy of a Rude Stream (2014).13 The novels are narrated by Ira Stigman, a thinly veiled stand-in for Roth himself. Stigman is an aged author who is struggling to write the story of his younger self growing up in an early twentieth-century Jewish section of Harlem, New York (the story is also entitled Mercy of a Rude Stream). Throughout, Stigman includes asides to his computer, named Ecclesias (his “friend and life support system”), which allows him to work through his writ- er’s block and reservations about the book in progress.14 Ecclesias, mean- while, quickly takes on a voice of its own, speaking back to the older Ira with suggestions and provocations. We are not meant to think of Eccelsias as a computer endowed with arti cial intelligence like its many progenitors in science  ction; Roth litters the narrative with references to the mundane and material nature of its operations, from the constellation of punctuation marks along the top row of the keyboard to the minutiae of how many pages can  t on a  oppy disk or how to optimize its RAM. The computer instead functions as something like an alter ego or secret sharer, a literary device that allows Ira his own interlocutor within the space of the  ction, even as Roth himself has an implicit interlocutor in the character of Ira. Eventually we learn that Ecclesias is an IBM PC Jr. purchased in April 1985, the same computer (unsurprisingly) that Roth himself used.15The most important episode involving Ecclesias, however, comes as Ira is struggling to con de, at the beginning of the second volume, A Diving Rock on the Hudson (1995), an incestuous adolescent relationship with his younger sister, Minnie. Heretofore Minnie has been entirely absent from the narrative, but Stigman  nds himself unable to proceed across this “stile” without disclosing her existence and the nature of the affair, which he views as the de ning event of his life. He considers rewriting everything from the beginning, but discards that idea as impractical; he considers an exculpa- tory preface or forward, but rejects that as too pat. Finally, in dialogue with Ecclesias, he reaches an accommodation of sorts: “Yes, I have a younger sister. Let it fade,” Stigman instructs. Ecclesias, however, is not satis ed: “When will you admit her to the realm of a legitimate character, acting, ac- tive, asserting herself, as an individual?” Stigman replies: “I don’t know, I don’t know if I’ll ever be able to write about her in all the emotional dimen- sions she deserves. But I have to do something. I’ll have to: sometime op- portune, in passing mention . . . a  ake of this terrible, unspeakable, inter . . . inter . . . interlude. Ssss. Interplay,  ay, slay, clay, lay. . . . So you have your answer, Ecclesias, at least in part.”16
188 TRACK CHANGESThe word Stigman cannot bring himself to pronounce—that is, to type— is presumably intercourse, which instead becomes  rst “interlude” and then “interplay,” immediately followed by a cascade of Old Testament utterances rhyming on the second syllable. The wordplay perhaps recalls James Joyce, who for Roth (and Stigman) was a literary hero; but it is occasioned here by the novel device of the computer, which Roth endows with not only a name but a persona. (Much like the Magic Eight-Ball in Stephen King’s short story “The Word Processor,” the computer here functions in a vaguely oracular way, as reinforced by its quasi-biblical name, this being part of a tradition that also includes Pournelle’s Ezekial and Umberto Eco’s  ctional Abula a from his novel Foucault’s Pendulum.)17 Moreover, the screen on which Stigman expresses his ambivalence allows him to “screen” his con icting emotions from his notional reader, even as they are also, of course, conveyed to Roth’s actual reader through the text of the books themselves, in which the Ecclesias segments are—notably—printed in boldface. “Things as they were,” writes Ira (knowingly conjuring a blue guitar), “changed upon the computer.”18Alot of what’s published nowadays is what we would have called over- written back before computers,” Jerry Pournelle comments. “You never hear anything being called overwritten nowadays, do you? Because in a sense everything is.”19 Word processing, so the conventional wisdom goes, encourages authors to overwrite because it is so easy for them to con- tinue revising and embellishing their prose. The availability of thesauri (a keystroke or mouse click away) and for that matter the Web itself—with the potential for uncovering extraneous detail lurking behind every search box—no doubt exacerbates these tendencies. The charge “overwritten” as brought to bear in this sense is pejorative, shorthand for the combina- tion of ef ciency and easy excess that is associated with word processing in the popular imagination.This prejudice is satirized in Jesse Kellerman’s novel Potboiler, published to mixed reviews in 2012.20 His novel is a clever sort of Klein bottle that arguably loses some of its interest once the central premise is revealed. It begins with the death of an author, one William de Vallée, whose popular thrillers feature a special agent named Dick Stapp. De Vallée’s lifelong friend Arthur Pfefferkorn is on his way to attend the funeral. In the airport Pfef- ferkorn spots a Pattersonesque display of his friend’s books: “Every ten yards
Reveal Codes 189or so Pfefferkorn passed another towering cardboard bin, its top crowned by an enlargement of Bill’s jacket photo.”21 Pfefferkorn himself is a novelist, or rather a failed one, tortured by the question of literature’s place in the world. Setting past jealousies aside, he comes to an understanding of de Val- lée’s success: “Literature did not decrease injustice or increase fairness or cure any of the ills that had plagued mankind since time immemorial. It was suf cient, rather, to make one person, however bourgeois, feel slightly less unhappy for a short period of time.”22 Visiting the estate after the funeral, Pfefferkorn happens upon one  nal, almost- nished manuscript in his old friend’s study. Conveniently, it is typewritten, this detail permitting Kellerman the contrivance of its being the only surviving copy. On impulse Pfefferkorn absconds with the manuscript, intending to submit it for publi- cation under his own name. Of course, as a writer of a more sophisticated sort, he also can’t resist cleaning up the (overwritten) prose: “It was charac- teristic of special agent Richard ‘Dick’ Stapp to perform dif cult physical feats in one  uid motion. Pfefferkorn didn’t care for that expression one bit.”23 Searching and replacing at his computer, Pfefferkorn purges the text of such instances, twenty-four in all, along with numerous other examples of overwriting.Potboiler thus works from the premise of a writer’s revenge fantasy, but in fact all of this is quite literally pretext: Pfefferkorn’s “novel” goes on to great commercial success and he is whisked away on a book tour; the royal- ties roll in, but soon enough he is contacted by de Vallée’s agent, who has his own copy of his former client’s typescript after all. The “agent” turns out to be a government agent, that is to say, a secret agent—the Dick Stapp novels, we learn, were an elaborate ruse for transmitting messages to op- eratives in foreign countries when other means of communication were deemed too risky (not for nothing are they in airports all over the globe). Each one contained a set of instructions or directives. “Bill wrote in code,” Pfefferkorn is told.24 Except even that is an overstatement; de Vallée did not write his books at all. They were algorithmically generated by a piece of software called Workbench, nothing less than a state-of-the art “ c- tocrpytic” upgrade to Calvino’s OEPHLW. In espionage terms, de Vallée was a mere cut-out; in poststructuralist terms, he was a pure discursive construct—“a perfect fraud,” as his handler, now recruiting Pfefferkorn to take his place, puts it. And he isn’t the only one: “Most blockbuster American novelists are on our payroll,” the agent tells Pfefferkorn. “Anything with em- bossed foil letters, that’s us.”25 From there things become progressively less
190 TRACK CHANGESinteresting as Pfefferkorn is deployed to the Eastern European countries of West and East Zlabia, there to help undo the damage he has done by  nding and replacing all of those “one  uid motions.” But he also comes to the ironic realization that he has  nally accomplished exactly what he has always wanted to do—he has published a book that quite literally changed the world, in a direct and measurable way. When the president of West Zlabia is assassinated, one might say the president has been globally found and replaced as a consequence of Pfefferkorn’s electronic interventions in de Vallée’s text. “The power of literature,” the (secret) agent muses.26Yet even as Pfefferkorn and his word processor are busily winnowing traces of Workbench’s overwritten prose, turning the text of what was in- tended to be de Vallée’s next best-seller into “cryptographic Swiss cheese,” he is overwriting the novel (much as he overwrites his friend’s identity as its author) in another sense as well. In computing parlance, overwriting re- fers to saving a  le using the same name as some other—preexisting— le, thereby replacing the contents of the older  le (which might be a version of the same document or something entirely different) with the newer one. In practice what actually happens is that the computer’s operating system simply shunts the original  le aside until its physical space on the disk is eventually recycled at some later date—this is the reason it is usually possible to restore a “deleted”  le relatively soon after it has been erased. Eventually, though, the surface area of the storage media will be reclaimed. Even then, however, there may be traces of the original data left under- neath, as in a palimpsest—at one time it was even thought that electron microscopes might be used to restore  les bit by bit through careful scru- tiny of the underlying data traces.27 Beyond these technical considerations, however, overwriting can serve to suggest the seemingly endlessly fungible nature of digital text: “We constantly overwrote everything,” William Gibson says in The Difference Engine’s 2011 afterword. “Ourselves, each other, the hods of actual Victorian print media Bruce hauled home from the Univer- sity of Texas. The result is a text that couldn’t have been produced without word processing.”28 We have already looked at what Gibson and Sterling called their airbrush technique for the novel, but here the word “overwrite” repays attention as one of the formal properties of word processing—not in the pejorative sense originally suggested by Pournelle, but as a deliberate composition technique that to a degree mimics the data storage routines of the computer’s operating system. In writing The Difference Engine, Gibson
Reveal Codes 191and Sterling freely edited one another’s prose as well as the text of their Vic- torian source materials until the original identity of the text had vanished under innumerable and indeterminate layers of revision. Gibson still works in much this same way, commenting in his Paris Review interview that his daily writing routine involves starting at the beginning of whatever he is cur- rently working on—even novels—and then reading his way through until he reaches its furthest point of completion, editing and revising as he goes. “The beginnings of my books are rewritten many times,” he comments. “The endings are only a draft or three, and then they’re done.”29Other authors have adopted similar practices for equally deliberate ends. When Seth Grahame-Smith was given the commission to write Pride and Prejudice and Zombies (2009)—an “expanded edition” of the classic Jane Austen novel in which Elizabeth Bennet is made over as a martial arts prodigy and Mr. Darcy is a monster hunter—he started by downloading an electronic copy of Austen’s most popular novel from the Internet. From there he simply copied and pasted the entirety of the text into his word processor and began revising, overwriting Austen’s text with the nouveaux storyline but still leaving an estimated 85 percent of it intact. As he worked, he used his word processor’s Zoom feature to generate holistic high-altitude views of the document, ascertaining at a glance the balance between his own prose (which was in red) and Austen’s.30 This method recalls the tradi- tion of treated artist’s books, like Tom Phillips’s A Humument (1970) and Johnathan Safran Foer’s Tree of Codes (2010), both of which use earlier works of  ction as the literal physical basis for (respectively) their watercolor page paintings or laser-cut latticework of words. But whereas Phillips and Foer both employed painstaking physical design processes to achieve their desired effects, Grahame-Smith uses a word processor and a thematically appropriate red font to gradually remake Austen’s novel into a rococo yarn set in an alternative nineteenth-century England overrun by the shambling “manky dreadfuls.” Though novels, including Jane Austen’s, have been the subject of parody and adaptations in various media for many decades, here the revisionary process is operating with far greater semantic granularity, the symbolic character of electronic text permitting the editorial cursor to intercede at any point to change a word, a sentence, a punctuation mark, or an entire passage.31 The best analogy is perhaps electronic music, where a remix layering in beats and instruments can change the character of a com- position, turning a pop ballad into a club track or reggae into calypso. Grahame-Smith’s book eventually reached number three on the New York
192 TRACK CHANGESTimes best-sellers list, spawning sequels and imitations as well as a graphic novel, an iPhone video game, and a forthcoming feature  lm.Gibson and Sterling recognized the similarities between their technique and both music (through sampling) and the twentieth-century avant-garde, especially William S. Burroughs and his cut-ups. At a practical level, word processing thus enables writers to participate in such contemporary creative norms as are commonplace among DJs, musicians, and visual artists. But a work such as Pride and Prejudice and Zombies also seems to brazenly em- brace the same anxieties about word processing and the automated produc- tion of literature that were forecasted by authors like Stanislaw Lem with his U-Write-It, Fritz Leiber with his wordmills, and Italo Calvino with his OEPHLW. In these dystopian scenarios, literature is produced according to type or template, the masterpieces of yesteryear mere fodder for the Markov chains that algorithmically generate the consumer-pro led best- sellers of tomorrow. Yet the reality is that enterprises like Grahame-Smith’s are notable precisely because of their comparative scarcity—the book and its handful of derivatives stand out because readers are stimulated rather than jaded by the self-conscious novelty of the prospect of reading a lit- erary remix. There are no indications that the publishing industry as a whole is on the verge of being overtaken by a zombie apocalypse, hordes of undead classics shuf ing through the word processors of mindless mecha- nized hacks to be reanimated as the popular fare of today. Instead, such efforts succeed best when there is strong thematic resonance between the original text and its rewrite. And the kind of attention that this kind of overwriting demands—its sense and sensibility, we might say—invariably yields a unique intimacy with the particulars of the original that is very different from the churnings of the wordmill.32 “The people in Austen’s books are kind of like zombies,” Grahame-Smith notes. “No matter what’s going on around them in the world, they live in this bubble of privilege. The same thing is true of the people in this book, although it’s much more absurd.”33In Haruki Murakami’s 1Q84 (2011), by contrast, overwriting is overtly  c- tionalized within the con nes of the story for purposes of enabling some of the novel’s key plot elements. Widely considered Murakami’s most ambi- tious work to date, 1Q84 is centered on two protagonists living in Tokyo in the year 1984—a female martial artist and sports massage therapist named
Reveal Codes 193Aomame, and an aspiring male writer and university mathematics instructor named Tengo. Early on, Tengo receives an extramural commission to re- write a short novel from an unknown juvenile author so that the end product may be submitted for an important literary prize. Because the original man- uscript was produced on a word processor, Tengo (it is explained) must go out and get one for himself to make the new text look like the old. Despite his initial reservations about the assignment (“Coauthorship is not that un- usual,” his editor assures him),34 Tengo warms to the task. His charge is to rewrite the raw, unpolished adolescent prose for style, not for substance. He begins by retyping the  rst few pages of the text into his own newly acquired word processor; entitled Air Chrysalis, this story-within-the-story is a kind of jumbled fable in which the corpse of a blind mountain goat serves as a portal between worlds. Tengo soon  nds that his efforts have more than doubled the length of the text: “The original was far more often under- written than overwritten, so rewriting it for coherence and consistency could not help but increase its volume.”35As he works, Tengo switches freely back and forth between the screen of his word processor and printing and revising hard copy with a pencil: “The feel of the words he chose would change depending on whether he was writing them on paper in pencil or typing them on the keyboard. It was imperative to do both.”36 Suf ce to say that Tengo’s efforts are a success, and the book is greeted with all the promised acclaim. The triumph, how- ever, also gives him occasion to meditate on his own life, which included a childhood encounter with Aomame, his  rst object of sexual desire; he concludes that his life has largely been a failure, and  nds himself wishing to rewrite his own past, even though he knows this is futile. “Time had the power to cancel all changes wrought by human arti ce, overwriting all new revisions with further revisions, returning the  ow to its original course.”37 Instead he throws himself into a new novel, borrowing details from the setting of Air Chrysalis, most notably distinguishing its world from ours with two moons in the sky. Here Murakami offers us one of his most vividly rendered passages: “Like Vladimir Horowitz seated before eighty- eight brand new keys, Tengo curved his ten  ngers suspended in space. Then, when he was ready, he began typing characters to  ll the word pro- cessor’s screen.”38Aomame, meanwhile, throughout the duration of Tengo’s literary renais- sance, has been seeing to business of her own, beginning, at the novel’s outset, with a descent down a mysterious stairway alongside a freeway where
194 TRACK CHANGESshe has stepped out of a taxi stalled in traf c. Now, when she stands out- side of her apartment on her balcony at night and looks up, she sees two moons in the sky. What’s happening here, of course, is that Tengo and his word processor are somehow writing into being the alternative world Aomame came to inhabit after descending the staircase. His  ngers, hooked above the keyboard—like half-moons—are not rewriting his own personal past, they are rewriting a shared present. Tengo himself eventually enters the space of this world, the titular 1Q84, and reunites there with Aomame. Murakami never makes explicit the analogy between overwriting a word processing  le and overwriting a world, but one perceptive critic, Andrew Ferguson, does: “By that point he has overwritten 1984; it is a previous ver- sion of the world- le that is now 1Q84.”39 Just as Murakami plays with the relationship between 1984 and 1Q84—as Ferguson notes, “nine” in Japa- nese is cognate with our letter “Q”—we, as his readers, are encouraged to test the slender orthographic boundary between words and worlds.Word processing  rst came to Japan in the early 1980s (the Fujitsu that Tengo buys was introduced in 1983), and the story may also be taken as Murakami—sensitive, as we have seen, to the differences between words on the screen and words on the page—marking an equally wrenching mo- ment wherein his own literary futures diverged.40 (Murakami was a com- paratively early adopter, beginning with a word processor in 1987 for his novel Dance Dance Dance [1988]; but Jay Rubin suggests that Kōbō Abe was likely the  rst major Japanese writer to switch to a word processor, with his novel Hakobun sakura maru—in 1984.)41 The word processor Tengo car- ries home from the Shinjuku market does not possess overt supernatural powers like Richard Hagstrom’s word processor in Stephen King’s short story; instead, Murakami plumbs the relationship between building words and worlds in  ction (Tengo had repeatedly lapsed into carpentry metaphors to describe his rewrite of Air Chrysalis). New technology is combined with what is indeed a very old storytelling trope, the ability of the storyteller to spin new worlds into existence with his or her tale. Murakami is thus re- sponding to the way in which the particular powers of all writing tech- nologies seem even more pronounced and ampli ed with a word processor: text blinks on and off, winking in and out of existence with comparative ease. Just as Umberto Eco toyed with the notion of converting Gone with the Wind to War and Peace with a few keystrokes, and Seth Grahame- Smith used his word processor to turn Jane Austen’s England into a zombie wasteland, Murakami is trans xed by the way in which the binary registers
Reveal Codes 195 of the computer’s memory can  icker into alignment and bring whole newworlds into being—perhaps we might call it world processing.Though there were noteworthy exceptions—Mona Simpson, Douglas Adams—the Apple Macintosh was initially rejected by many creative authors in the immediate aftermath of its debut in 1984. Not only did it look very different from other personal computers then on the market, even while sitting idly on a tabletop (the diminutive “mouse” tethered alongside), its bit- mapped graphical display—the realization of concepts pioneered at Xerox PARC a decade earlier—would have been jarring to a constituency just coming to terms with their monochromatic identity as green-screeners. Jerry Pournelle set the tone in his Byte magazine column: “The Macintosh is a wonderful toy; but it’s not very much more.”42 Most damningly, the Mac- Write software that shipped with the original 128K Mac—for a full year the only word processing software generally available for the system—had severe limitations: it would crash if a document exceeded about eight pages, which was  ne for light of ce work but obviously a nonstarter for serious long-form writing.43And yet the Mac was anything but another of ce computer. On the con- trary, its design, deeply informed by Steve Jobs’s aesthetic convictions, was intended to wrest computers from their associations with the uninspiring of ce setting for once and for all.44 Besides MacWrite, it also shipped with a graphics program called MacPaint. Here Macintosh came into its own: Computers, which initially were imagined as instruments for performing nu- meric calculations and then began storing and manipulating text, now could do the same with pictures. It was no coincidence that the  rst digi- tally produced comic book, Peter Gillis and Mike Saenz’s Shatter, which ap- peared later that same year, was designed on a 128K Mac and printed with Apple’s dot-matrix Imagewriter (that name too is telling).45 In language rem- iniscent of  rst reactions to word processing, Gillis commented, “By writing and drawing electronically we could control and manipulate every aspect of what we had done, easily. Flop a panel? Darken a  gure? Slide a  gure over to one side? Rescript a word balloon? No photostatting, erasing, or performing surgery with an X-Acto knife would be necessary—we con- trolled the image with a touch of the mouse.”46Because of the Mac’s bitmapped screen, letterforms—fonts—could be created and customized as easily as images. This was no mere happenstance.
196 TRACK CHANGESJobs had been in the habit of dropping in on calligraphy classes during his abortive undergraduate career at Reed College, and from that point on he was fascinated by the expressive dimension of writing and typography.47 The original Mac came with a dozen unique proportional fonts, most of them created by Susan Kane, who had also designed its memorable palette of desktop icons. Even as writers were puzzling over what use there could be for a computer that couldn’t manage to save more than a short chapter’s worth of text in a single  le, graphic designers were embracing what the rest of the system had to offer. The publishers of Émigré, a leading journal for experimental type design, acquired a Mac within weeks of its debut. Using an early third-party program called FontEditor, they quickly grasped the potential: “Although it has always been possible to design and draw a type- face, the actual typesetting equipment one needs to set type freely is cum- bersome and highly specialized. . . . The Macintosh allowed you to store the data that de ned the typeface and then access it through the keyboard. Now, for the  rst time, it was possible for any individual to design and draw a typeface and then actually use it without restrictions.”48 Even without creating their own custom designs, Mac users were suddenly able to trans- form the visual appearance of texts at will, merely by pulling down a menu of font selections and clicking the mouse. “The textual surface is now a malleable and self-conscious one,” exulted Richard Lanham, an English professor at UCLA. “All kinds of production decisions are now authorial ones.”49 This awesome capability, as Lanham notes, would shortly be termed “desktop publishing.”Some prescient authors and editors had already realized the potential use of computers for publishing and distribution as well as composition. The avant-garde literary and arts journal Between C&D, which began publica- tion in New York’s East Village in 1983, was printed and distributed on fanfold paper from a dot matrix printer and came packaged in a zip-lock bag. (Authors published by Between C&D include Kathy Acker, Dennis Cooper, Susan Daitch, Gary Indiana, Patrick McGrath, and Lynne Tillman.) Editors Joel Rose and Catherine Texier recalled: “The combination of our high-tech look—the computer printout, the fanfold, the dot-matrix print type—in conjunction with handmade art by East Village (or Downtown) artists on the front and back covers, and the ziplock plastic bag binding, along with, needless to say, the featured ‘new writing’ immediately attracted both readers and writers, from New York City and elsewhere.”50 Such an episode comports with the kinds of arguments scholars such as Harold Love and
Reveal Codes 197Peter Stallybrass have long made about the persistence of scribal and man- uscript writing into cultures of printing, whereby the cross-transfer between media (in this case print and the digital) results in the proliferation, rather than the attenuation, of prior forms of production.51But as contemporary commentators like Lanham had understood, with the advent of the Macintosh readers and writers had access to the same dig- ital platform as publishers to create images and cast type as well as to pro- cess words—and freely integrate all of these components in their  nished work. Journalist and non ction writer Gay Talese, who bought the  rst of his many Macs in 1988, quickly became captivated by this potential: “ d- dling with the many Macintosh fonts as I composed, in varying type sizes and shapes, my personal correspondence, fax messages, shopping lists, folder labels, instructional notes to deliverymen, and the outlines for scenes and situations that might appear in a future chapter of my book.”52 But whereas many users made light of such experiments, marking them with a certain degree of self-consciousness or self-deprecation—Talese compared its font libraries to the bounty of  avors available at Baskin-Robbins53—none took the Macintosh more seriously than the Barbados-born poet and historian (Edward) Kamau Brathwaite. For Brathwaite, the Macintosh quickly be- came more than just a writing tool, however powerful; it became an inte- gral part of his poetics, personal identity, and worldview.Kamau Brathwaite’s writing and publishing career has been long, rich, and nuanced, and is increasingly studied. His introduction to the Mac- intosh coincides with an especially dif cult period in his life that he refersto as the Time of Salt, encompassing the death of his  rst wife, Doris Monica Brathwaite, from cancer in 1986, the severe damage done to his house in Jamaica by Hurricane Gilbert in 1988, and his own close call with death— he believes that he in fact died—in a violent home invasion in 1990. In an interview published in 2001, Brathwaite provides this account of how he discovered computers in the midst of these brutal and traumatic events:My writing hand becomes a dumb stump in my head. . . . I mean I can’t write or utter a sound or metaphor. But Sycorax comes to me in a dream and she dreams me a Macintosh computer with its winking io hiding in its margins which, as you know, are not really margins, but electronic accesses to Random Memory and the Cosmos and the Iwa.
198 TRACK CHANGESAnd she dreams me these stories . . . and shows me how to  nd jo to write them out on the computer. And the two together introduce me to fonts and the fonts take me across Mexico to Siqueiros and the Aztec murals and all the way back to ancient Nilotic Egypt to hieroglyphics—allowing me to write in light and to make sound visible as if I’m in a video.54“Writing with light” is a phrase he employed over and over again to describe the experience of word processing. His own Macintosh computer, which he named Sycorax (for the sorceress who is the mother of Caliban in Shakespeare’s The Tempest), functions as his surrogate archive and memory. He would move from working with the default font set on the Macintosh to designing his own, creating what is typically referred to by reviewers and critics as his “signature” or “trademark” Sycorax Video Style, beginning with the self-published SHAR / Hurricane Poem (1990) and then Middle Pas- sages (1992), The Zea Mexican Diary (1993), Barabajan Poems (1994), and Dream Stories (1994), and continuing through ConVERSations with Na- thaniel Mackey (1999), Ancestors (2001), Born to Slow Horses (2005), DS (2) (2007), and Elegguas (2010). These titles have appeared variously under Brathwaite’s own Savacou imprint and from small presses, university presses, Longman, and New Directions, the range of venues re ecting the practical dif culties of publishing Brathwaite’s work in a manner faithful to his vision.55The Sycorax Video Style is intimately related to other aspects of Brath- waite’s writing, notably the Caliban story and his own frequently adopted identity and voicings as Caliban in the Caribbean English “nation language” of his poetry.56 With Sycorax, the Mac’s font libraries and layout capabili- ties are used to visually orchestrate and arrange the language of Brathwaite’s poems on the page. All of the works just mentioned are distinguished by a more or less common visual appearance, which involves a medley of modern- looking fonts in different sizes, as well as occasional abstract symbols, glyphs, and clip art. (The casual mention in his interview comments of making sound visible “as if I’m in a video” also suggests a possible analogy to the music videos popularized by MTV in the eighties.) Often the letter- forms are so enlarged that their pixelated edges—what typographers would call “jaggies”—are apparent, further emphasizing their digital pedigree.Occasionally some uninformed and hapless reviewer will glance at Brath- waite’s books and assume he must be as frivolous as Lanham once imagined newbie Mac owners to be, giddily playing with the technology. Such reac-
Reveal Codes 199tions grossly underestimate his technical and literary achievement, as well as the depth of thought he brings to computers and their place in his po- etry. “The computer,” Brathwaite says, “has made it much easier for the illiterate, the Caliban, actually to get himself visible. . . . Because the com- puter does it all for you.”57 In such statements he is clearly responding to the ease of composition that so many other writers have also remarked upon, an intuition he encapsulates in the oft-invoked phrase “writing in light.” But whereas writing with light functioned for other authors as merely a paean to the power and seductions of word processing, for Brathwaite it signaled something more potent or profound: an extension of the oral tradition. “The typewriter is an extension of the pen,” he says. “The computer is getting as close as you can to the spoken word.”58 In this he is clearly in sympathy with Walter Ong, whose comments on secondary orality—the immediacy of oral interaction and performance we associate with the digital—we considered in Chapter 4.Different academic critics have sought to interpret the Sycorax Video Style in different ways. For Stewart Brown, Sycorax is integral to Brath- waite’s efforts to present his work on terms of his own choosing, not de-  ned by an implicit comparison to Western poetries; because of the bracing nature of the typographical effects, “we do not unconsciously read this text against our expectations of the ways poems conventionally work.”59 In an extremely perceptive essay Carrie Noland notes that Brathwaite’s earliest comments on record about computers were critical, aligning them with other Western technologies inimical to the project of nation language.60 She also observes that many of the typographic gestures that he employs resist vocal- ization: “How does one perform a period that is one space away from the last word in the sentence . . . ? How does one vocalize ‘cd’ (originally ‘could’). . . . How do you pronounce a ‘>’? Or ‘w / open?’ ”61 Still another Brathwaite scholar, Ignacio Infante, recasts the Sycorax Video Style as a “virtual voicing” distinguished by two characteristic features of digital media—delocalization and dematerialization—both of which, Infante argues, Brathwaite cultivates in the service of a postcolonial Caribbean poetry.62Brathwaite’s dream narrative is one origin story about his discovery of computers.63 Another has him borrowing a Macintosh while a visiting fellow at Harvard, an episode to which we will return. But despite his portrayal of himself as a novice, Brathwaite was no stranger to computing and word pro- cessing even before his  rst encounter with a Mac. There were computers in the house in Jamaica, including a Kaypro that belonged to Doris Brathwaite,
200 TRACK CHANGESaka Zea Mexican; she used it to keep accounts and the archives of his lit- erary career.64 And Brathwaite owned a computer of his own called (por- tentously) an Eagle. This now-forgotten brand designed to compete with the IBM PC ran  rst CP/M and then DOS as operating systems; it came bun- dled with a word processor that was called (even more portentously) Spellbinder. This is the system Brathwaite would have been working on when he wrote “X / Self’s Xth Letters from the Thirteen Provinces,” the poem  rst published in X / Self (1987) wherein he begins using the phrase writin(g) in light:is not one a dem pensive tings like ibm nor bang & ovid nor anyting glori. ous like dat!but is one a de bess tings since cicero okay?65The Eagle was indeed priced inexpensively as compared to an IBM or Wang, and the product—all hard edges and angles, nothing at all like the Macintosh—would have seemed neither glamorous nor glorious. But like many other authors, Brathwaite felt compelled to meditate on the differ- ence between the computer and his previous writing instruments. Because “X / Self’s Xth Letters” takes the form of a letter to his mother, he couches the experience in terms she would apprehend: there is no liquid paper to  ake the page like house paint when correcting mistakes, and there are no sheets to squeeze through the rollers like dough. He is also acutely aware of the im- plications of working with such an overtly Westernized piece of technology, associating it with the Star Wars robot R2D2, Jackie Robinson, “mercan- tilists,” and above all Prospero, the embodied  gure of colonial power:but is like what I tryin to sen / seh & seh about muse /in computer &learnin prospero linguage &tingnot fe dem / not fe dem de way Calibandonebut fe we fe a-we
Reveal Codes 201“X / Self’s Xth Letters” was not initially printed in the Sycorax Video Style as such—there are no font or layout experiments beyond what could have been achieved on a manual typewriter like “dat ole remington yu have pun top de war.” Even so, Brathwaite glimpsed new possibilities.66 The poem is unabashedly joyous and playful, the words tumbling out in quick, sharp sentences, punning and bouncing off of one another, repeating, splitting, sparking, sometimes running down the length of the page like a screen scrolling by, until he re-centers himself in the moment, the actual act of what he is doing, “chip / in dis poem onta dis tablet / chiss / ellin darkness writin in light.”By 1988 Brathwaite was a visiting fellow at Harvard University. His wife, Doris, had died two years earlier. Soon, as Hurricane Gilbert approached Jamaica, he would watch helplessly from Cambridge, trying in vain to get someone on the phone to safeguard his house and its irreplaceable archives of Caribbean literature.67 The Eagle computer was also there, left behind “like an emotional anchor or icon.”68 This latter circumstance may explain why, on a hot August day a month before the storm would form, he arranged to borrow a Macintosh from a student services organization at Harvard. (Our knowledge of this episode comes from the preface Brathwaite wrote to “Dream Chad,” one of the texts in the 1994 Dream Stories volume.) We cannot know exactly what type of Mac Brathwaite had gotten hold of, but it was likely a Macintosh SE (System Expansion), released in 1987 and a marked improvement over earlier models—it included a 20 MB hard drive— while still being easily portable with the built-in carrying handle. Apple had long solved the problem with MacWrite’s infamous lack of ability to store pages. Nonetheless, Brathwaite (in the preface) recounts typing the “Dream Chad” story over and over again, only to have the computer “malfunction” each and every time just as he was on the verge of  nishing and saving it.69 If that were not enough, he also receives a mysterious screen message that “SOMEBODY ELSE WAS USING IT.”70 The most likely explanation is that his computer had somehow connected to another Mac through the system’s built-in AppleTalk network. Still, Brathwaite is rattled; he suggests the possibility that the Eagle computer might be jealous that he was “into a Ma(c)”—a notable introspection, given that the poem narrates his encounter with an unnamed female  gure resembling the woman who would become his second wife, Beverly, the eponymous “Chad.”Despite these upsets, the experience is formative, laying the groundwork for “what has become a very close relationship w Apple / Mac—in fact in
202 TRACK CHANGESthe end I purchased my own Sycorax on which most of the video style sto- ries of this collection have been written.”71 The computer that he was using by then was a Macintosh SE/30 (this model had debuted in 1989) with an accompanying StyleWriter inkjet printer.72 When he revised “Dream Chad” in the Sycorax Video Style in 1993, he subtitled it “a   story.”Today Brathwaite continues to write and publish using the Sycorax Video Style, with many of the fonts that emerged from his experiments in the 1990s still visible and identi able in his most recent work. There is no question that he is one of the earliest and most signi cant literary authors to take advantage of the dramatic new creative possibilities that computing, spe- ci cally the Macintosh, had to offer. Brathwaite had realized, just as did Émigré designer Zuzana Licko, that the technical limitations of the early Macintosh were inseparable from the aesthetic qualities of the new bit- mapped fonts they were creating. You couldn’t just import existing type- faces from print: “Each medium has its peculiar qualities and thus requires unique designs,” Licko says.73 Yet unlike many writers who self-consciously experimented with computers as avant-garde instruments, Brathwaite seems to have had relatively little interest in what technology commentators often call the cult of the new, the obsession with the next big thing that sets the terms for so much of our day-to-day encounter with the digital. To look at Brathwaite’s work now is to encounter a visual aesthetic that appears con- spicuously “retro,” as though fonts continue to be designed on 16-bit sys- tems and printed from 360 dpi printers without the bene t of anti-aliasing. The effect is especially pronounced when reading his work on contemporary subjects, such as “Hawk,” which he wrote in the aftermath of September 11 (Brathwaite had been in New York City, teaching at NYU, at the time):but some day certain in the future of NewYork. his magic enigmatic majesty now  ower-ing the room . his body glow-ing the only word we have for what is now this glow-erring around these future towers of his solo masterpiecerising himself again in sound towards the silver crossof an approaching jet. dissecting in the bluethe full white mosque and omen of the moonjust afternoons ago . high over Berkeley Square. Over Washington Square74To read these lines in the heavily pixelated type in which they appear in Born to Slow Horses (2005) is to be confronted with the visible imprint of
Reveal Codes 203time and history in relation to technological progress. Computers notori- ously operate on fast time, governed by the vicious cycles of product rollouts and seemingly immutable laws about chip speeds doubling their processing speed every eighteen months. It is a timeline of terrible accelera- tions, radical and terrorizing in their own way, as well as a time of sudden crashes—a word that is everywhere in computer talk. One way to read Brathwaite’s more recent Sycorax work is thus as an anachronism. But an- other way to read Brathwaite is as a poet who has learned the language of Prospero only to speak it in the deliberate manner of Caliban—not just in the phrasings and voicings of the islands, but according to alternative time- lines and temporalities, a slow time outside of Western techno-history, ad- mitting neither consumer novelty nor planned obsolescence, but answering instead to the work—the words—of the moment.Although most authors are content to leave issues of layout and design to their publishers, notable literary work at the boundaries between word processing and desktop publishing has continued to  ourish.75 Mark Z. Danielewski drafted the original manuscript for his breakthrough novel House of Leaves (2000) in longhand, then revised it with a word processor. But after he signed a book contract with Pantheon to publish it, he  ew (at his own expense) to New York City, set up shop in his publisher’s of ces, and taught himself QuarkXPress in order to do the typesetting—he didn’t wish to entrust any of the staff designers with his vision for the typographic effects so central to the book.76 Dave Eggers is widely reported to do all his writing in Quark, a carryover from his numerous publishing ventures.77 Steve Tomasula gives a designer co-credit on the cover of each of his novels. The poet Tan Lin (not to be confused with Tao Lin) used Microsoft Word as the design environment in which to assemble Heath (2008), an “out- sourced” chapbook composed of snippets of found Web content loosely related to Heath Ledger’s death six months earlier. David Daniels, a painter and (before his death in 2008) a  xture in the Berkeley outsider art com- munity, spent over a decade (1988–2000) using Microsoft Word to create his self-published tome of pattern poems entitled The Gates of Paradise.78 Some 400 poems form a variety of shapes—animals like seals, elephants, and birds, household objects, people, and more abstract icons and symbols. His work, which has obvious antecedents in a tradition going back at least as far as the early seventeenth-century British poet George Herbert, is
204 TRACK CHANGESnotable in the context of the literary history of word processing because of the extent to which it dramatizes the increasingly permeable boundaries between words and images that is characteristic of the technology. “I’ve gotten to the point where I can write out pictures on the computer just about the way you could write longhand, because I’ve done it for so many years. Some take me a week, and some take me a day. It’s like weaving or carving,” Daniels told a journalist.79But other authors and artists have found some very different ways to re- veal the formal and aesthetic codes of word processing. In a volume enti- tled Speak! Eyes—En zie! (2010), Elisabeth Tonnard prints the texts of classic works of literature—Shakespeare’s Sonnets, Eliot’s Prufrock and Other Observations and The Waste Land, Dickens’s Bleak House, works by Poe, and more—as rendered by Word’s AutoSummary feature. While the resulting texts are not edited by Tonnard, she reports experimenting with the parameters of the AutoSummary feature itself, which allows users to control the semantic granularity and length of each summary.80 In this instance, the hand of authorship is visible not in the text so much as in the manipulation of the algorithmic variables used to generate it. “Ham. / Ham. / Ham. / . . .” reads the AutoSummary for Hamlet, the stage direction re- peated twenty times down the length of the page. The results for Prufrock and Other Observations are perhaps more compelling:The street lamp sputtered, The street lamp muttered, The street lamp said,The street lamp said, Memory!The project was born of Tonnard’s interest in whitespace and eliminating words from texts—a previous book called Let Us Go Then, You and I (2003) uses whiteout (tip-ex) to paint over the text from the opening section of “Prufrock”—“a book written in white ink,” as she describes it.81 (The genre here is known as the “erasure,” which other contemporary poets, including Mary Jo Bang and Mary Rue e, also work in.)82Tonnard draws her share of inspiration from Kenneth Goldsmith, the American conceptualist who claims he is a “word processor” and not a writer, poet, or artist. The raw form of Goldsmith’s works—verbatim transcriptions of newspapers, traf c reports, news broadcasts, his own speech—overtly re ects the effortless contemporary duplication and proliferation of texts
Reveal Codes 205without regard for the volume and mass of words.83 Language, suggests Goldsmith, has become “completely  uid” in its contemporary digital set- tings: “It’s lifted off the page and therefore able to be poured into so many different forms and takes so many different shapes and really be molded and sculpted in a way that wasn’t possible before.”84 Poet Brian Kim Ste- fans, meanwhile, likewise uses Word’s AutoSummary to present a version of Goldsmith’s Soliloquy (2001)—a transcription of every word Goldsmith spoke for a week—at 2 percent of its original length, in effect doubling down on the conceptualist premise while illustrating what happens when a data dump of the human voice is “poured” through the sieve of an enterprise- level software feature.85Both Tonnard and Stefans are in effect turning Microsoft Word inside out, using its digitally native processes to make what is usually automated, derivative information—known as metadata—into a primary text for the reader’s attention. (Stefans’s text is not only shorter but also considerably more readable than Goldsmith’s original; notably, AutoSummary was re- moved from Word beginning with the 2010 edition of Of ce.)86 Matthew Fuller has gone one step further in an art piece entitled (after Whitman) A Song for Occupations (1999–2000). Exhibited at the Norwich School of Design, it consisted of several thousand individual pieces of paper, each con- taining a single graphical element of Word—buttons, icons, menu items— arranged in clusters on a wall. Fuller used a suite of specialized software engineering tools to effectively disassemble Word: “This is a particularly suitable target since the application is massively overloaded with ‘features,’ each of which cater[s] to speci c cultures of use, many of which do not overlap except in the core functions of the application (i.e., text entry),” he writes in an artist’s statement. “When all the composite elements of an in- terface are brought into the  eld of vision, the simple accrual of decontex- tualised detail and its asymmetry with what we ‘know,’ tricks other ways of understanding software and its machined invisibility into emergence.”87 A similar impulse is at work in Tomoko Takahashi’s WordPerhect [sic] (1999), an online piece (rendered in Flash) that presents the user with a roughly drawn cartoon word processing interface, limned in what appears to be black ink on a white background.88 Typing generates crude, seemingly hand- written, less-than-perfect characters on the screen. Takahashi’s word pro- cessor is fully functional, but the interface yields an inversion of the typical user-friendly experience. Clicking on the Mail icon produces the following set of instructions, which appear as a scrap of notepaper “taped” to the
206 TRACK CHANGESscreen: “print the document, put into an envelope or ssomething similair [sic] which can contain the document. Go to post of ce and weigh it and buy stamps”—and so on, for another hundred words, including further typos and blemishes.And then there is Joel Swanson’s Spacebar, a 24-by-32-inch print that was exhibited at the University of Colorado Boulder’s Media Archaeology Lab in 2013. Spacebar depicts a plain white unadorned Apple spacebar (set against a white background). “In some ways the spacebar is the only accu- rate key,” notes one commentator on the piece. “Rarely do the typefaces of the letters appearing on your keyboard match the typefaces of the letters appearing on your screen, except in the case of the spacebar. You push the space bar and a blank appears between words, an icon of breath, of vacancy.”89By extracting this single element of the computer keyboard—fundamental to language as well as to technology, as scholars such as Paul Saenger have shown90—the arti ce of texts and their technologies is underscored in a vi- sually striking composition possessed of its own strong aesthetic. The ges- ture becomes emblematic of many of the works we have discussed in this chapter, each of them in their own way striving to reveal the perennial ar- ti ce of the literary, now deeply imprinted by a postmodern poetics of word processing—copying and pasting,  nding and replacing, deleting and overwriting.91
 TENWHAT REMAINSIt is said that when Rob Reiner’s adaptation of Stephen King’s novella Stand By Me (1986) was in theaters, some audiences howled in visceral anguish when, at the very end of the  lm, the adult Gordie, now a writer, switches off the computer he is using to type out the story without any visible evidence of having hit Save. Certainly the specter of losing it all—a bug, a bad sector, a power failure, even just pressing the wrong key— loomed large for any user. Jimmy Carter’s experience with lost pages from hitting a wrong key on his Lanier was by no means atypical. So anxious was Len Deighton about blackouts and brownouts in Ireland where he was living at the time that he had Olivetti technicians install a nickel- cadmium battery in his then-current word processor—effectively creating what we would today call an uninterrupted power supply.1 Frank Herbert and Max Barnard were careful to specify plans for a tape backup system that would take down every keystroke (much like the MT/ST) for their never-built dream machine.2 Jack Vance was frustrated by frequent crashes with the custom BigEd software that enabled him to write as his vision progressively worsened.3 Piers Anthony’s brand-new system was almost fried by a lightning strike within days of its debut.4 While working on her Burroughs Redactor III at her Florida home, Robyn Carr was anxious that workmen digging nearby would hit a power line.5 And in 1981 Time magazine, channeling anxieties about computer bugs, told its readers that an environmentalist writer, Michael Par t, had “recently heard a zap, and his Radio Shack TRS-80 stopped dead. It seemed that ants had crawled into the air vents.”6207
208 TRACK CHANGESAuthors had suddenly taken on a whole new set of woes and anxieties, coexisting with all the old ones. “A child’s illness, relatives coming to stay, a pile-up of unavoidable household jobs, can swallow a work-in-progress as surely as a power failure used to destroy a piece of work in the computer,” Alice Munro wrote in an introduction to one of her short-story collections, also (not incidentally) aligning the threat of high-tech catastrophe with the gendered responsibilities of the domestic sphere.7 Among her own ten rules of writing, Margaret Atwood commends neophytes to always remember to back up their text with a memory stick.8 On the other hand, new forms of procrastination could be welcomed: according to one interview, Gabriel García Márquez rejoiced when not-infrequent power failures made turning on his computer and facing the task of writing an impossibility.9“S is for Save: do it often,” wrote Rita Aero and Barbara Elman in their widely reprinted “ABC’s of Word Processing.”10 In an era with no lithium- ion batteries, no AutoSave, and no hard drives on most consumer products, authors, like all users, quickly internalized the urgency of backing up. Some habitually printed out their work at the end of each day. Anne Rice in 1985: “I print out the work of the day when I  nish every day no matter what the hour. I have a superfast printer that can cough up a whole novel in no time.”11 Rice stored the accumulated drafts in waterproof zip-lock bags stacked next to the computer. When Peter Norton’s Disk Doctor was released in 1988, giving ordinary users the means to recover corrupted or deleted  les, it quickly became a best-seller.But these mechanical failings—and the rituals one takes to ward them away, the brandishing of totems like memory sticks and zip-lock baggies, the acquisition of specialized recovery software—are only one manifesta- tion of a more fundamental question about the nature of literary culture and literary history in an age of word processing. Novelist T. Coraghessen Boyle wrote for the New Yorker about what it meant for him to box and ship his literary papers to the Harry Ransom Center at the University of Texas:Since I began writing stories and novels in the early nineteen-seventies, I have kept every scrawled-over draft, every letter from friends and readers and my fellow writers, every rejection slip and review, as well as all the cor- respondence with my editors, agents and publishers around the world—and now I no longer have them. No matter that I never looked at any of them, ever, and that they remained thrust deep in their manila folders in the depths of  ling cabinets and yellowing boxes imprinted with the logos of appliances
What Remains 209long since defunct—they were there and they gave me weight. Of course, there is the consideration that all this paper I’ve been dragging around down through the years could have met a very different fate, masticated by rats and bugs, rotted, engulfed by mold, earthquakes, mudslides, or the  ames of the wild res that annually threaten this very old wood-frame house on the California coast where I am now sitting at the keyboard.12What someone will one day do with all that paper—destined to be cata- loged and housed in the Ransom Center’s bunker-like building on the Austin campus—we cannot fully anticipate. Paper, after all, is a rich medium, a ready conduit for all manner of information, not all of it intentionally trans- mitted. Consider that in early 2011, American literature scholars were abuzz with news of the discovery of thousands of previously unknown papers, written in Walt Whitman’s own hand, at the National Archives of the United States. Ken Price, a distinguished literature professor at the University of Nebraska, had followed a hunch and gone to the Archives II campus in College Park looking for federal government documents—red tape, essentially—that might have been produced by the Good Gray Poet during Whitman’s tenure in Washington, DC, as one of those much-maligned federal bureaucrats during the tumultuous years 1863–1873.13Price’s instincts were correct: he has located and identi ed some 3,000 of cial documents originating from Whitman, and believes there may still be more to come. Yet the documents have value not just, or perhaps not even primarily, prima facie because of what Whitman actually wrote. Collectively, they also constitute what Friedrich Kittler once called a discourse network, a way of aligning Whitman’s activities in other domains through correlation with the carefully dated entries in the of cial records. “We can now pin- point to the exact day when he was thinking about certain issues,” Price is quoted as saying in the Chronicle of Higher Education.14Put another way, the of cial government documents written in Whitman’s hand are important to us not just as data, but as metadata. They are a re- minder that the human life-world all around us bears the ineluctable marks and traces of our passing, mundane more often than not, and that these marks and tracings often take the form of written and inscribed documents, some of which survive, some of which do not, some of which are displayed in helium- and water-vapor  lled cases, and some of which lie forgotten in archives, or swept under beds, or glued beneath the end papers of books. Science  ction writer Bruce Sterling, not exactly a Luddite, recently turned
210 TRACK CHANGESover  fteen boxes of personal papers and cyberpunk memorabilia to the Ransom Center, but  atly refused to consider giving over any of his elec- tronic records. “I’ve never believed in the stability of electronic archives, so I really haven’t committed to that stuff,” he’s quoted as saying.15 We don’t really know, then, to what extent discoveries on the order of Ken Price’s will remain possible with the large-scale migration to digital documents and records.Sterling’s brand of techno-fatalism is widespread, and it is not dif cult to  nd jeremiads warning of the coming of a digital dark age, with vast swaths of the human record obliterated by obsolescent storage.16 So when a writer sits down “at the keyboard,” as they so often do now—Boyle’s un- selfconscious phrasing in the midst of a meditation on safeguarding his own personal legacy is telling—what kind of “papers” remain? Hard-copy printouts, certainly, but what about all of the other things Boyle mentions, the correspondence and other detritus of a literary life now often routinely conducted with the aid of email and social media?17 And what about manu- script revisions made quickly, silently (Track Changes turned off), invisibly right there on the screen,  ickers of thought executed by muscle memory in the  ngertips, barely even consciously registered if the writer is deep in the  ow? What about the diskettes and the memory sticks? What about the computers themselves, surprisingly intimate objects that are a writer’s companion for much of his or her day? Are they part of what gets boxed up and sent to the archives? What gives us weight now? What remains after word processing?Ialmost reached my manuscript, typescript, printouts, and disks in time,” Maxine Hong Kingston tells us at the start of her 2003 memoir, The Fifth Book of Peace.18 The  rst three Books of Peace are part of Chinese historical legend, appearing and disappearing across the centuries through migratory tides, invasions, and revolutions; the fourth, we learn, was the working title for what was then to be Kingston’s next book, a novel that would conclude with a “happy” ending to the Vietnam War.19 It was destroyed when just such a wild re as fellow Californian T. C. Boyle feared swept through her neighborhood in the Oakland hills in October 1991, leaving her house not much more than an empty shell. She describes racing homeward upon hearing the news reports coming on her car radio, and being turned away by authorities because of the danger. Afterward she returned to con-
What Remains 211front the loss of the book in the aftermath. She passes through the soot- blackened stone archway where her front door once stood and enters her former writing nook. “The unroofed sun shone extra brightly on a book- shaped pile of white ash in the middle of the alcove.”20 She had been 156 pages in, 156 “good, rewritten pages.”21 What remained: “I laid my hands on the silvery vanes of feathers, like white eyelashes. Each vane fanned out into in nitely tinier vanes. . . . I placed my palm on this ghost of my book and my hand sank through it.”22In Kingston’s writing, this moment of deep loss becomes deeply poetic, building as it does a careful stock of imagery around colors like white and silver and objects like lashes, vanes, feathers, fans, and ash. Yet she also moves quickly on to more practical considerations, noting that her book existed in more than one “form”: we learn that she had more than one computer, one upstairs and one downstairs (at least one was an Epson QX10), and different pieces of the book had been “in” each of the different machines.23 But both had burned—melted down, really—beyond any con- ceivable hope of data recovery. Kingston found she could not subsequently re-create the book, indeed could not “re-enter  ction,” as she put it.24 A former student offered to hypnotize her, explaining how it would work: “You picture the computer screen scrolling up your book. You read it off the terminal into a tape recorder, and we transcribe it. Voilà.”25 The plan scared her: “What if I got stuck in that word-for-word version?”26 It’s an intriguing question, not further glossed: Does it mean, what if she got  x- ated on the original version of the text, unable to alter a word that (as the hypnosis might demonstrate) was in fact lodged deep within her subcon- scious? Or does it mean, what if she got stuck inside of something like an endless computer loop, inside those lines of text scrolling up and down the screen, unable to break free of her hypnogogic state?It would take Kingston over a decade to write and publish The Fifth Book of Peace, a memoir and meditation (and mythos) on the relationship between war and peace, creativity and destruction. The book is divided into four sec- tions: Fire, Water, and Earth, together with Paper. Missing is air.27 Today we routinely store documents in the “cloud,” ostensibly mitigating the po- tential for disasters such as Kingston suffered, where the  ames consumed paper and silicon alike so indiscriminately as to make the medium irrele- vant. That kind of positivism, however—faith in the sanctity of the cloud— would be precisely the wrong lesson to draw from this book about (among other things) forces too elemental to resist. For Kingston, the only guarantor
212 TRACK CHANGESof preservation, and of remembering, is time—not because it preserves things inviolate, but because it allows the necessary processes to take hold. “After a loss there will always be mourning,” she told an interviewer. “We want it that way because we don’t want to forget our feelings for that person or that thing. However, the mourning changes; mourning breaks up into dif- ferent elements.”28If the wild res are kept at bay, often what remains is paper. Computers, as we know, produce a lot of paper, even today. John Hersey’s DECtapes are long gone, but multiple hard copies of My Petition for More Space— each indicating the exact date on which they were printed—are safely en- sconced in the Beinecke Rare Book and Manuscript Library at Yale. In 1983 Updike wrote “INVALID.KEYSTROKE” directly on his word processor, but we know of its existence only from its publication in a book and from the hard-copy drafts in the collection at the Houghton Library at Harvard. Harold Brodkey’s literary papers are likewise at the Houghton; when an article about literary manuscripts in the New York Times dismissively referred to the manuscript for The Runaway Soul as a mere “computer printout,” it drew a sharp response from the curator in charge of the collec- tion: “While certainly Mr. Brodkey at various stages composed on his com- puter and printed out the text, these versions are densely overwritten, again and again, by hand. The result is a highly complex document in which one can observe the author at work  rsthand.”29 As with the far more modest typescript for Updike’s poem, we  nd that the computer (and what happens on its screen) coexists with the work of the hand, the mechanical technology of the printer—yet another instance in which the vocation of a person has become the name of a machine—mediating between the two.Len Deighton  nished the  rst draft of Bomber by October 1969. Ellenor Handley hand-delivered the hefty manuscript package from his home in Merrick Square to the of ces of his publisher, Jonathan Cape. By the year’s end, he had produced a second, close-to- nal, draft. Footnotes to the story—a device he regularly employed in his spy novels—had now been incorporated into the main text, and chapter 1 in particular—a tricky piece of business because it had the burden of introducing the RAF  ight crew—had been heavily revised. The MT/ST, with its dual tape reels, would have been a great asset in both tasks. What became of either the tapes or the manuscripts thereafter was thought to be unknown.
What Remains 213In March 2013 I wrote a version of Deighton and Handley’s story for Slate magazine.30 Shortly thereafter I received email from an individual in Britain who informed me he was in possession of the second manuscript, what Edward Milward-Oliver refers to (in correspondence) as the “master manuscript”—the last full draft of the book that was printed from the MT/ ST’s tapes before it was typeset and put into proof the following spring.31 We were subsequently able to arrange a loan to Milward-Oliver, who studied it in preparation for his forthcoming biography of Deighton. Dated De- cember 1969, this draft is bound in heavy and well-worn magenta-colored card covers. There are 558 foolscap pages, deckled on the top and bottom edges where the sheets were separated. There are occasional annotations and minor revisions marked in red ink in Deighton’s hand. Along the right-hand edge of many pages, between two and  ve bite-like impressions are clearly visible from where the sheets had been gripped by the teeth—or the unseen hands—of the MT/ST’s tractor feed. The mechanism had thus left its mark.There is as yet no blue plaque in Merrick Square commemorating the lit- erary events that (literally) unfolded there as the various manuscript drafts of Bomber passed through the MT/ST’s tractor feed, under its chattering golfball printing head, and into Ellenor Handley’s waiting hands.32 Deigh- ton’s former house is thus not tied into this curbside history of literary London. (By the of cial criteria for blue plaques, the personage so honored must have been dead for at least twenty years.) But fortunately not all forms of remembering are so staid. Later in 2013 Edward Milward-Oliver was able to offer a showing of the manuscript to Handley. They sat with it on a sunny late summer day at his home near Chichester, her hands turning the same machine-marked pages. The collector, who wishes to remain anonymous, retains the weighty typescript at his home in Britain—he keeps it in a ward- robe, or so I am told.33Lucille Clifton’s cherished Magnavox VideoWRITER 250 reposes in Emory University’s Manuscript, Archives, and Rare Books Library. It is sometimes brought out for display. Before coming to this well-deserved rest,however, the machine was given one  nal, essential task perform. While the archivists at Emory were able to copy the data  les from the original 31⁄2- inch diskettes Clifton had used (one disk had reportedly come to them still inserted into the drive), they found that they were unable to actually open the  les and read their contents without the assistance of the system’s own
214 TRACK CHANGESproprietary software. This is a common enough problem for digital preser- vationists; at Emory they solved it by using the VideoWRITER to access the diskettes one last time, printing out hard copies of the scores of docu- ments they contained, including drafts of the poems in many of her most important books.34Iam negotiating to buy Stephen King’s Wang,” deadpans a character named Ngemi, a collector and connoisseur of antiquarian computers in William Gibson’s novel Pattern Recognition (2003). “The provenance is im- maculate.”35 Alas, the line is a throwaway: a few years ago I spoke with King’s longtime personal assistant, Marsha DeFilippo, and inquired about the Wang’s fate—apparently it was sent to California (she thinks) for repair and never came back.36 Somewhere along the way this venerable talisman met with misadventure, or maybe, simply,  nally, just gave up the ghost. But what does it mean to possess a writer’s computer? Nowadays Jonathan Franzen is said to write with a “heavy, obsolete Dell laptop from which he has scoured any trace of hearts and solitaire, down to the level of the oper- ating system.”37 Someday an archivist may have to contend with this rough beast: is it an object intimately associated with his writing practice (like a typewriter) or a consumer appliance, like a food processor?“Some computers will become museum pieces,” Jacques Derrida once predicted. “Some particular draft that was prepared or printed on some particular software, or some particular disk that stores a stage of a work in progress—these are the kinds of things that will be fetishized in the future.”38 In fact a number of signi cant writers already have material in major literary archives in digital form. The list of notables includes Lucille Clifton (Emory University), the British poet Wendy Cope (at the British Library), William Dickey (Reed College), Stanley Elkin (Washington Univer- sity), Jonathan Larson (composer of the musical RENT; Library of Congress), Timothy Leary (the New York Public Library), Norman Mailer, Gabriel García Márquez, and Terrence McNally (all at the Ransom Center), Toni Morrison (Princeton), Susan Sontag (UCLA), Natasha Trethewey (Emory), John Updike (the Houghton), Alice Walker (Emory), and David Foster Wallace (the Ransom Center again, though only a handful of diskettes), among others. The best-known example to date is Salman Rushdie. Emory University has four of his Macintosh computers in their collection along with the rest of his “papers.”
What Remains 215The earliest of these—a Mac Performa—is currently available as a com- plete virtual emulation on a dedicated workstation in the rare books reading room. Rushdie’s  rst book written on a computer was The Moor’s Last Sigh (1995). He had gotten the Mac in early 1992, in the midst of the fatwa that followed the publication of The Satanic Verses (1988), when under police protection he had to change residences often. He later commented, “I can’t understand why I didn’t do it before. Just at the level of writing, this is the best piece of writing I’ve ever done and I’m sure one of the reasons for this is the removal of the mechanical act of typing. I’ve been able to revise much more.”39 Patrons at Emory can browse the Performa’s desktop  le system, seeing, for example, which documents he kept together in the same folder; they can examine born-digital manuscripts for The Moor’s Last Sigh and other works; they can even take a look at the games on the machine (yes, Rushdie is a gamer—as his Luka and the Fire of Life [2010] con rms).40A computer is, as Jay David Bolter observed quite some time ago, a writing space—one that models, by way of numerous telling metaphors, a complete working environment, including desktop,  le cabinets, even wallpaper.41 Gaining access to someone else’s computer is therefore like  nding a master key to their house, with the freedom to open up the cabinets, cupboards, and desk drawers, to peek at family photo albums, to see what’s recently been playing on the stereo or TV, even to sift through what’s been left behind in the trash. While it is true that analog writing materials sometimes also embed their own archive—as the example of Updike’s typewriter ribbon, which revealed his  nal messages to his typist, reminds us—there are qual- itative differences when we speak of digital media. The principle of storing data in the same medium and format as the programs that make use of it is a bedrock principle of computer architecture, formally instantiated in the so-called Von Neumann model that dominated computer systems design throughout the second half of the twentieth century. (As John von Neumann himself was wont to put it, it was all the same “organ.”)42As early as 2001 the State Library of Victoria in Melbourne purchased the Macintosh laptop—reportedly missing its “o” key—that the Australian novelist Peter Carey used to write The True History of the Kelly Gang (2000); it is currently on display there under glass, alongside samples from his literary papers.43 Similar to the work at Emory, archivists there contem- plate making a “clone” of the machine available so visitors can explore its electronic innards. The Ransom Center, meanwhile, has computers owned by Norman Mailer (in fact used exclusively by his typist and personal
216 TRACK CHANGESassistant, Judith McNally—the keyboard is covered with nicotine stains), hypertext pioneer Michael Joyce, and now Gabriel García Márquez.44 Márquez had had a computer at least as early as 1986, when he was working on The General in His Labyrinth;45 after he died, in 2014, the Ransom Center acquired his literary papers—they included two Smith Corona typewriters and  ve Apple computers.46 Other computers have become ob- jects of collectors’ desire: Stieg Larsson’s widow has been widely reported as being in possession of a laptop housing a mostly  nished draft of a fourth book that is a sequel to his Millennium Trilogy.47 Whatever the manu- script’s fate—if it indeed exists—the fact that the claim can be made at all demonstrates the difference between owning somebody’s computer (with the organ of its internal storage) and owning their typewriter.For systems where data storage was exclusively on external media— like the 8-inch disks King would have used with his Wang—having the computer without any of that associated media takes on a different kind of signi cance. Derrida may choose to call it fetishization, but museum professionals are known refer to a special class of artifacts as numinous objects, distinguished not by their intrinsic worth but by their close associa- tion with a person or event.48 More than mere fetishes or totems, numinous objects act to concretize individuals and their experiences. Above all, numi- nous objects tell stories: a prize baseball, for example, whose scruffs and stains evoke the roller-coaster of emotions we felt while watching the big game.There is a Lanier word processor on display at the Carter Presidential Library in Atlanta, Georgia, though whether or not it is the actual one Carter used is unclear. Stanley Elkin’s Lexitron (the Bubble Machine) seemingly no longer survives, though the library at Washington University has the PC clone he switched to afterward. Perhaps best of all, Barry Longyear’s Wang System 5 wound up as a prop in a school play—it became the centerpiece of a cockpit for a spaceship.49Zeke died in early 1983. Zeke, of course, was Jerry Pournelle’s cherished microcomputer. “Like the wonderful one-horse shay, everything went at once,” he reported in his Byte magazine column (the reference is to an Oliver Wendell Holmes poem).50 He gave some of the remaining working parts to Larry Niven as spares for his own system; others apparently went to a local computer club; still others were integrated into a new computer,
What Remains 217promptly dubbed Zeke II. Not an integrated system of the sort that was by then commonplace, but instead a customized build combining the best com- ponents of the myriad different products Pournelle had reviewed over the years, it was a unique assembly. Like its predecessor, Zeke II was built on a CompuPro S-100 bus and Z-80 chip. It had 64K of RAM and a pair of dual 8-inch  oppy disk drives, each double-sided double-density diskette capable of storing 1.2 MB.51 Pournelle also continued to run his custom word pro- cessing software, called simply WRITE: “I have seen nothing better . . . for creative writing,” Pournelle declared to his readers in Byte.52 For the monitor, he kept his venerable 15-inch Hitachi display. This was in fact crucial to him: “We took the video chips out of Ezekial and put them in the Ithaca board, so that the display on my big Hitachi 15-inch screen is iden- tical to the old Zeke. I continue to use 16 lines of 64 characters to avoid eyestrain. Also, I’m used to it: after all, a standard manuscript has 60-character lines. A page is usually 25 or 26 lines, so I don’t see a whole page at once; but I’ve noticed an unexpected bene t. Having only 16 lines on a screen tends to make me shorten my (usually too long) paragraphs.”53 The keyboard, meanwhile, came from an Archive computer, the same brand once favored by Arthur C. Clarke. “The Archive has great key feel, a good nonelectronic ‘click,’ and a really nice (Selectric-style) key layout,” Pournelle commented.54Zeke II would serve as Pournelle’s workhorse for much of the decade. In 1990 he donated it to the Smithsonian National Museum of American His- tory. The Hitachi monitor, CompuPro case, and Archive keyboard were set up next to an Osborne 1 and publicly displayed as part of the “Information Age” exhibition in a prominent locale on the  rst  oor, where they were seen by thousands of visitors every week. Other items included Samuel Morse’s telegraph, a piece of the  rst transatlantic telegraph cable, Alexander Graham Bell’s original telephone, parts from the ENIAC computer, and a German ENIGMA encoder. “This exhibition of more than 700 artifacts ex- plores how information technology has changed our lives—as individuals and as a society—over the past 150 years,” read the catalog.55 In 2006 the Information Age exhibition closed, and Zeke II, like so much of the Smith- sonian’s holdings, was relegated to storage.In January 2012 I made my way downtown to the museum. A curator was waiting to receive me. Zeke II is resting in an unassuming white metal cab- inet on the  fth  oor. Two shelves above are components from the famous IBM Deep Blue computer—so presumably Zeke doesn’t lack for intelligent
218 TRACK CHANGESconversation, or at least a good game of chess. All there is to see, though, really, is a featureless beige box with a black metal front sporting an em- bossed CompuPro logo, a single red square button (unlabeled), and a red power switch. Above the square button there is an adhesive plastic label with raised letters that reads “ZEKE II.” (All of this was suf ciently unremark- able that there had been some doubt as to whether it would even remain a candidate for the Information Age exhibition—numinous objects, after all, often being in the eye of the beholder.)56 The Hitachi monitor and the Archive keyboard also are there, along with the disk drive unit, a handful of the 8-inch disks, and a stack of manuals and documentation for the system. There are no plans to return any of it to the public view at this time.Pournelle knew I had been planning to go: “Say hello to Zeke for me,” he emailed the day before. “Tell him I miss him.”57Kamau Brathwaite has always sensed the unusually intimate nature of the linkage between his personal computers and his personal archives. Even in the midst of the terrible stresses from his  rst wife Doris’s terminal ill-ness, he acknowledged the precarious status of the records of their literary journal Savacou, “locked up” in her Kaypro.58 He also attributed the tribu- lations he suffered while composing “Dream Chad” on the borrowed Harvard Macintosh to early portents of what would be a near miss to his archives (and Eagle computer) at his home in Irish Town, Jamaica, from Hurricane Gilbert a month later. The storm, which resulted in signi cant property damage regardless, sowed the seeds of a lifetime dread: “I began to think—to realize—to fear—that perhaps the dream had still to be ful-  lled.”59 Above all, however, it is the fusion of his personal Macintosh, “ole Sycorax,” with what Ignacio Infante identi es as “perhaps Brathwaite’s key tidalectical source for his Caribbean aesthetic” in the powerful mythopoeic  gure of Sycorax herself, that informs the relationship he has cultivated be- tween the computer and cultural memory.60 Brathwaite has since rewritten and republished many of his pre-digital works in the Sycorax Video Style, thereby allowing the computer to become, as Infante notes, “a new archival medium”—functioning as such through its power as a platform for his literary identity, as well as literally in the form of the  les saved to its hard drive.61But the constant intuition of peril for both collective memory and per- sonal data that Brathwaite lived with came to a head again in 2004 in a bi- zarre series of incidents he now refers to as a second Time of Salt as well as his “cultural lynching.”62 In brief, starting in late 2004 Brathwaite began
What Remains 219noticing evidence of break-ins and intrusions at his Washington Square apartment, with key artifacts and manuscripts from his extensive personal collection of Caribbean writers going missing under mysterious circum- stances. Locks were changed, security cameras were installed, but—as Brathwaite insists—all to no avail. At one point he and his second wife, Chad (Beverly), returned home to  nd her computer, which she remembered shut- ting down, “awake” and warm as though it had recently been in use. When his Musgrave Medal (Jamaica’s preeminent cultural award) disappeared in 2010, it made international news. According to lists Brathwaite has provided, thousands of items are missing in all.63 While the circumstances behind these events remain murky, what is undeniable is that they served as a source of extreme personal trauma to the couple. By 2011 Brathwaite (his health also suffering) had departed NYU and returned to the property known as Cow Pastor in his native Barbados. About cultural lynching, he would write: “w /out protection . . . of yr boundaries and for yr possessions & soul . . . all yr gains & discoveries & reclamations & dreams of freedom / independence will come to naught; and w/out allies, whatever you may have evolved as yr culture will be  ltered fall tered [sic] in ltrated stolen from poison spat upon & destroyed w/out even the vestige of record or qual or eQual or quail to mark that you tried that you xisted that you made a contribution.”64Understandably, Brathwaite had long feared that his computer or printer would break down, and indeed one trustworthy source reports that the Mac stopped working in 2006 or 2007; and that Brathwaite has subsequently been unable to reconstitute the fonts he initially created with it.65 If so, then it is not too much of an exaggeration to say that this would be a kind of second living death for the poet, a development in the midst of his second Time of Salt that mirrors the indelible moment in 1990 when—a gun at his head having miraculously failed to  re—he virtually died for the  rst time.Very little seems to remain of Bad Sector’s history other than the lone article by Ben Fong-Torres in Pro les magazine. Amy Tan has a Kaypro mug worn almost illegible from too many trips through the dishwasher, but nothing else. “Tech is so ephemeral,” she replied to my query—on Twitter.66Disposable yet indispensable, obsolescent but enduring, the  oppy disk is an exemplar of what we have learned to call, after Raymond Williams, “residual media.”67 A  oppy’s afterimage is present in the very window in
220 TRACK CHANGESwhich I am writing this, a tiny thumbnail icon in the privileged top left corner of the screen. Clicking it activates the Save command—itself an in- creasingly residual function, as word processing software nowadays typically enters into AutoSave mode by default. (Many users had found a kind of com- fort in the re exive gesture of saving their work, a manual rhythm that has itself become increasingly vestigial.)68 Such persistence of vision should not surprise us: the  oppy disk has been eluding its own obsolescence ever since that waggling descriptor was applied to its most widely distributed form factor, the patently in exible 31⁄2-inch diskettes that had begun appearing by the mid-1980s.Floppies were to the personal computing industry what the paperback book was to mass-market publishing, and 78 (later 45) rpm singles were to pop music. In the years before ubiquitous hard drives, the  oppy was often the sole storage medium, not just for data but for software and operating systems as well. And  oppies were also social media: you could give one to a friend without thinking too much about it. You could personalize them, with labels and annotations and decorated sleeves. Yet  oppies were  nally transitional technologies, inserted in between the industrial regimen of tape and today’s silent, invisible, vastly capacious magnetic and solid-state hard drives.Floppies may be residual media, but they are also remnants or remain- ders and survive today as material artifacts as well as virtual totems—most of us have a shoebox or two of them tucked away somewhere. As the phys- ical media (widely cited as having a thirty-year life span) decays, informa- tion returns to entropy by the natural processes of magnetic degradation and chemical decomposition. Thus the computer historian and archives ac- tivist Jason Scott writes on his widely read blog: “Someone has to break it to you, and that person is me. It’s over. You waited too long. You procrasti- nated or made excuses or otherwise didn’t think about it or care. . . . With some perseverance and faced against all the odds stacked against you, some- thing might get out of these poor black squares, but I would not count on it.”69Writers had to come to terms with the particular characteristics of the diskettes, in particular how many pages could be stored on each—sometimes, especially in the early days, only a single chapter’s worth. This meant that searching for a passage often meant physically swapping the disks in and out of the drive while trying to remember or locate the correct one. By the 1990s, however, even a single high-density IBM-formatted diskette was ca-
What Remains 221pable of storing 1.44 MB, or many thousands of pages of raw text. These metrics quickly made  oppies a storage medium of an entirely different order of magnitude than we are used to confronting when reckoning by print standards. Some writers organized their diskettes meticulously; others reached for whichever one happened to be at hand,  les and data accreting in seemingly random arrangements.The 51⁄4-inch disks Stanley Elkin used with his Lexitron when writing George Mills are preserved in the Special Collections Department at Washington University, St. Louis. There are seventeen of them, each con- taining some forty to  fty pages, each labeled by the page-range they encompass—not at all unlike the numbered exam booklets that were their predecessor. The city government of Tyohu, the Japanese city where Kōbō Abe lived for much of his life, keeps two of the 31⁄2-inch diskettes used for his novel Kangaroo Notebook (1991) on permanent public display, alongside his pens, notebooks, and other personal accessories.70 There are already no- table instances where a writer’s diskettes and other computer media have been used to help edit and posthumously publish important works: these include Douglas Adams’s un nished novel The Salmon of Doubt (2002), Ralph Ellison’s second novel, which has been published as both Juneteenth (1999) and in a more comprehensive version entitled Three Days Before the Shooting . . . (2010), and David Foster Wallace’s The Pale King (2011). After his unexpected death from a heart attack in 2001, Douglas Adams’s beloved Macintosh computers were inventoried by a close friend and the results de- livered to his long-time editor, Peter Guzzardi, on a CD-ROM containing over 2,500 individual  les: letters, outlines, research notes, and drafts for a wide variety of projects, as well as “dozens” of versions of his un nished  nal novel. This last presented the thorniest dilemmas. Everything about the book—starting with its title—had evolved and changed since Adams had  rst begun work on it almost a decade earlier, in 1993.71 Guzzardi made the decision to “[stitch] together the strongest material, regardless of when it was written, much as I might have proposed doing were he still alive.”72Not surprisingly, perhaps, David Foster Wallace’s relationship with com- puters was more vexed than Douglas Adams’s. He told Sven Birkerts in a letter that he disliked writing directly on the screen, preferring to work long- hand and then transcribe.73 By the time he was writing In nite Jest (1996) he was reportedly in the habit of deliberately erasing rejected passages from his hard drive so as not to be tempted to restore them to the manuscript later on.74 When Wallace’s agent visited his home after his death, she found
222 TRACK CHANGES“hard drives,  le folders, three-ring binders, spiral-bound notebooks, and  oppy disks,” containing “printed chapters, sheaves of handwritten pages, notes, and more.”75 These materials were then used by his longtime editor, Michael Pietsch, to produce the text that was published as The Pale King: An Un nished Novel. Pietsch worked with them exclusively in hard copy, but used printouts of directory listings to help date different versions of chapters and other sections and determine their original order.76 The ex- tent to which digital  les recovered from Ellison’s  oppy disks played into the reconstruction and editing of his un nished work is even more com- plex. Ellison, who as we have seen began working with WordStar on his Osborne 1 as early as 1982, left behind almost 500 computer  les distrib- uted across some eighty-three diskettes. The task of making sense of them initially fell to Adam Bradley, now a prominent Ellison and hip-hop scholar in his own right, but then an undergraduate under the supervision of Ellison’s literary executor, John Callahan, at Lewis and Clark College in Oregon.77 They would work together for more than a decade until the book came out as a 1,100-page volume from Modern Library, sixteen years after Ellison’s death.78And just like Stieg Larsson’s laptop,  oppy disks can become objects of literary controversy. After Frank Herbert’s death in 1986, his son (and also biographer) Brian Herbert, together with Kevin J. Anderson, took over the writing for the Dune franchise, a move that raised concerns among a vocal minority of fans who saw these efforts as opportunistic or else simply inadequate to Herbert’s legacy. At the very center of the issue was the long-awaited  nal installment known in the fan community as “Dune 7,” eventually published by Brian Herbert and Anderson as two separate novels, Hunters of Dune (2006) and Sandworms of Dune (2007). The younger Herbert and Anderson maintain that these books are based on a thirty-page outline and extensive notes by Frank Herbert, recovered from two  oppy disks found (with his father’s other papers) in the attic of the family home in Port Townsend, Washington. In December 2005, in an effort to settle the debate, Anderson posted low-resolution black-and-white photographs or scans of these two diskettes online—both 51⁄4-inch, one branded 3M and one branded Tandy, both with labels apparently written in Frank Herbert’s hand.79 (“Will this convince any of the conspiracy cra- zies? Probably not,” he asks and answers in rhetorical mode.)80 In fact, the move only served to heighten the conspiracy theories: fans questioned how
What Remains 223data could have been recovered, or if the disks would have been readable at all (neither scenario is improbable). But unlike posting scans of actual manuscript pages (as Stephen King did with The Cannibals), the  oppy disks came to function simultaneously as proof positive and further provo- cation, their content presented as self-evident even as it was manifestly opaque, being recorded on  imsy magnetic media inside the diskette’s black plastic sleeve; residual media that, for some, remain tokens of ongoing sus- picion and doubt.John Updike’s biographer Adam Begley describes the Houghton Library’s collection of his manuscripts and other documentary remainders as “a vast paper trail, possibly the last of its kind.”81 It’s a lament that has become something of a repeated trope in increasingly elegiac writing about authors and their literary legacies. Three years earlier, a writer in the Guardian had opined that J. G. Ballard’s newly opened papers at the British Library would perhaps be “the last solely non-digital literary archive of this stature” (Ballard never used a computer).82 But at least in Updike’s case the charac- terization is not strictly accurate. The Houghton also safeguards some forty 31⁄2-inch diskettes that belonged to Updike, plus a smattering of CD-ROMs and other storage media (but no hard drives or actual computers). These all date from a later period of Updike’s word processing career, after the Wang- writer II, when he had moved to an IBM-compatible computer and soft- ware called Lotus Ami Pro.My experience with Updike’s papers had taught me that he was frugal, and reused all manner of material, typing or writing on the backs of drafts, or even envelopes and receipts and other people’s correspondence. Certainly his digital working habits appear consistent: his practice was apparently to store multiple versions of a  le on the disk, overwriting previous ones with new ones and notating the date on the disk’s label after crossing out what was written previously. For some novels, like Villages (2004), Terrorist (2006), and the Widows of Eastwick (2008; sequel to the more famous Witches), there are multiple diskettes with relevant material; others contain several dozen shorter pieces such as stories or reviews. The Houghton has migrated the  les off of the diskettes and intends to make them available to researchers, so some intrepid scholar may one day wish to undertake the task of comparing their digital content to the numerous hard-copy printouts
224 TRACK CHANGESof work in progress that Updike was also in the habit of producing. Whether or not major insights into Updike’s creative life are thus revealed, this digital collation is paradigmatic of what textual scholarship is going to look like in the coming years.Not at the Houghton, however, are any of the 51⁄4-inch disks that Updike would have used with the Wangwriter II. These had been presumed lost for good. We cannot know, for example, whether “INVALID.KEYSTROKE” or any of the many more signi cant texts Updike wrote throughout those years (such as the Witches of Eastwick) exist in variant states not represented by corresponding hard copy on deposit at the Houghton with his papers. We cannot know if there are texts never consigned to paper or whose paper instantiation was subsequently lost or discarded. Given what we do know of Updike’s habits, we might judge such scenarios unlikely, but the reality is that in the absence of the digital media, which were themselves a dis- tinct and sometimes primary site of composition for Updike, these uncer- tainties must stand. The simple fact of the Wang’s existence, in other words, means that in the absence of its accompanying storage media there is a gap in our knowledge of Updike’s manuscripts.Enter Paul Moran. Moran is the maintainer of what he’s named “The Other Updike Archive.” Here is how it came about: Starting back around 2006, he had begun making it a weekly habit to bicycle past the Updikes’ Beverly Farms residence and pick through their curbside trash. Over the years he accumulated photographs, personal papers, honorary diplomas, greeting cards, drafts of stories, invitations, and—yes—Wang diskettes, a baker’s dozen of them.83 They include one labeled “Witches V” (this has been crossed out and replaced with “Reviews”) and two tantalizingly labeled “Poems” (is “INVALID.KEYSTROKE” among them?). Another is labeled “Stories III.” That particular disk also has a hard copy direc- tory listing tucked into its outer paper sleeve showing entries for some three dozen items, each a  le named with a single word at most eight letters in length: “Acceptan,” “Bats,” “Bindweed,” “Brazil,” and so forth. The diskettes, along with many hundreds of other items so retrieved, now re- side in Moran’s storage unit in Austin, Texas; he keeps a blog on which he posts images from the collection along with his commentary.84It is fair to say that key members of the Updike establishment have taken a dim view of Moran’s activities. The Atlantic story that originally reported on the “other” archive includes disapproving comments from the curator in
What Remains 225charge of the collection at the Houghton, biographer Adam Begley, and the president of the Updike Society.85 (The Atlantic is also quick to point out that Moran seems not to have broken any laws.) Updike himself, as Begley notes in his comments therein, was “assiduous in collecting himself. . . . He was obviously interested in presenting as full an account of his work and habits as possible.”86 To that end Updike routinely brought carefully labeled boxes of papers to the library at Harvard for safekeeping. One can there- fore surmise that anything that found itself curbside—from the Wang dis- kettes to the red leather-bound honorary degrees Moran made off with on his  rst visit—went there (and not to the Houghton) deliberately. Nonethe- less, the Wang diskettes raise questions many of the other scavenged items do not. Updike, as interested in documenting his own writing practice as he was, may nonetheless have reasonably thought them worthless, dismissing any practical hope of recovering anything usable from his poor black squares even if the requisite equipment could somehow have been found that far into the  rst decade of the twenty- rst century (Wang had  led for bank- ruptcy in 1992). In fact, however,  oppy diskettes from throughout the 1980s are often still readable by archivists, and specialized hardware exists to re- animate and spin the old drives—at least long enough to obtain a bit-by-bit copy of everything that was once stored on them. Moreover, while one can question the propriety of fetishizing other mementos and accoutrements of Updike’s career, the Wang diskettes are no mere nostalgic gewgaw. They are intimately associated with Updike’s literary legacy.87 (Not beside the point, it was the convention of many early computer systems, including the Wang, to refer to disk storage speci cally as an “archive.”)There is thus no escaping the conundrums associated with the now uni- versal Save icon: as computers and their storage media have begun to ap- pear in archives, scholars and archivists alike have engaged in debates over the ethics of recovering deleted  les, sometimes using forensic data-recovery techniques borrowed from law enforcement.88 These activities raise es- sential questions about authorial intentions, personal privacy, intellectual property, and the ethical responsibilities of both individuals and institutions to collective cultural memory. What about using digital forensics to recover those deleted passages David Foster Wallace supposedly purged from his hard drive, for example? If the proverbial lost Shakespeare manuscript ever turned up, would we read it even if a note from the Bard on the  rst page said, “Burn after my death, WS”? (Of course we would. We know that Kafka
226 TRACK CHANGEShad asked that his diaries and manuscripts be destroyed—it didn’t work.) All of us of a certain age have dragged a  oppy disk icon across our desktop screen to the trash can, to see the latter bulge satisfyingly in response to the bytes it ingests. This was once a routine activity for countless users. But what happens when the diskette in question belongs to a major author or other historical  gure? And what happens when someone comes along and  shes it out of the bin?When the New York Times lamented back in 1981 that future genera- tions would be deprived “of words scratched out, penciled in and transposed with wandering arrows” and that they would “have to make do with electronically perfect texts,” the editorial board was actually talking about the fate of manuscripts in the digital age.89 The implication was clear: a traditional manuscript—that is, something truly written by hand—exposes its material processes. Very much anticipating Vilém Flusser’s twentieth- century distinction between inscription and notation, William Blackstone, the eighteenth-century legal scholar, had argued forcefully for the impor- tance of committing legal records to rag linen paper—still a comparatively expensive luxury item in an era before pulp—as opposed to wood, leather, and other surfaces, even stone. Paper, said Blackstone, had the virtue of being fragile enough to readily expose any attempt to tamper with or change it—whereas stone, by contrast, was inviolate and could withstand harsh scraping or other efforts to expunge it without leaving a trace.90 By virtue of the inscrutable processes unfolding within the hardware and soft- ware’s inaccessible innards, a document written with a word processor— ironically—has more in common with Blackstone’s lapidary surface: “Writing with a word processor,” claims Daniel Chandler, “obscures its own evolu- tion.”91 In other words, as the consequence of what Chandler elsewhere termed suspended inscription, all of that scratching out and penciling in and transposition that the Times fretted over happens inside the black box of the machine, and the end result is a product that appears to be sui generis. Philip Roth, who switched to word processing in the early 1990s, adopting a DOS-based version of WordPerfect that he continues to use to this day, observes: “I’m doing so much changing as I go along that the drafts disappear, as it were, into the rewrites.”92 Similarly, Zadie Smith recalls simply “saving over” the early versions of her novels and stories instead of
What Remains 227maintaining separate  les, thereby obscuring traces of their composition in the manner anticipated by Chandler.93These are some very signi cant examples, and it will be of real concern to literary studies and literary history if they become the norm. Students and scholars have long been fascinated by the extent to which access to an author’s manuscripts opens a window onto the mysteries of the creative pro- cess. Recall the anecdote about Keats verbally working through the per- mutations of a famous line, until his listener informs him that it will live forever. We know of the episode only because it was recounted and later written down. But with a literary manuscript, the false starts, the words that fall  at, the extra sentence scribbled in haste and crammed into a margin, the stanza struck out—these not only serve to humanize the author, grounding a possibly remote historical  gure in a reality we can all identify with, sweating out the next line, wondering if we’ve gotten just the right turn of phrase at last; they also remind us of what could have been or might have been, remaking literature as a multidimensional possibility space rather than the  nality of words printed on the page.“First we had a couple of feelers down at Tom’s place, / There was old Tom, boiled to the eyes, blind.” These, of course, are the ringing, instantly recognizable opening lines of T. S. Eliot’s The Waste Land (1922). Except, of course, they are not: everyone knows the poem really begins, “April is the cruelest month.” Except, of course, these actually are the poem’s opening lines, or at least they once were, being the beginning of the “Burial of the Dead” section in a text Eliot was at the time still calling “He Do the Police in Different Voices.” The Waste Land’s turbulent textual history has been popularized through the availability of a handsome facsimile edition that reproduces Eliot’s original typescripts and manuscripts for the poem, both of which bear the marks of three different hands—his own, his wife Val- erie’s, and that of Ezra Pound, who famously “edited”—in fact, heavily revised—the text.94 It takes only a glance to see the facsimile edition as a viscerally exciting work, its pages  lled with greyscale reproductions of the original pages, the dramatic cross-outs and (sometimes carefully, sometime not) scrawled additions testifying to the intensity of the creative forces at work (or at war) across the text, which descends to us now bearing the marks and scrapes and scars of those contests. But what remains of such edits and revisions with an electronic document? Is there any trace? What would we  nd if we could read the bits off of one of John Updike’s Wang diskettes?
228 TRACK CHANGESWhat happens when—as a function of the Web and social media—many hands can edit and revise a literary text instead of just one or two or three?95 At the time when Chandler wrote about the propensity of electronic doc- uments to obscure their own evolution, the only conceivable remedies for that outcome were manual—that is, to adopt meticulous work habits and commit to saving multiple versions of every  le on disk and / or printing them out. But even to the extent that such solutions might have been prac- tical, where does one draw the line? What constitutes a signi cant enough revision or intervention in the text to justify printing or saving a new ver- sion? Umberto Eco fully grasped the implications for future scholarship, sketching a scenario that results in a “phantom version” of a digitally com- posed text: “I write my text A on the computer. Print it out. Correct it by hand. Now we have text B, the corrections for which I input onto my com- puter. Then I print out again and think (as would any philologists of the future) that what I have is text C. But actually, it is text D, because while I was putting the corrections into the computer, I would certainly have taken some spontaneous decisions and made some further changes.”96 Still, some imagined other possibilities. Jerry Pournelle once reported on a conversa- tion with Frank Herbert, who was then in the midst of designing his dream machine. Herbert wanted to save everything, “every single one of the myriad changes writers make while noodling around during a working session.”97 He thought—pace David Foster Wallace—that rejected prose should be stored, possibly for use elsewhere, and that it might also be of interest tofuture scholars.Pournelle admitted he couldn’t quite grasp the idea, indeed couldn’t thinkof an analogy beyond making a photocopy of a typewritten manuscript every time its author backspaced to X-out a word.98 In fact, however, as word pro- cessors matured, they began incorporating increasingly sophisticated ver- sion tracking and date / time-stamping features that (at least in theory) could afford unprecedented access to an author’s composition process, allowing editors and scholars to watch a particular passage take shape keystroke by keystroke. What is today known to us as the “Track Changes” feature was initially called “Redlining” (here redlining refers to the practice of marking up documents with a red pen or pencil, a convention that originated in ar- chitectural drawing). Redlining began as a stylesheet in Microsoft Word 3.11 (released in 1986) and was a fully integrated feature in Word 4.0 the fol- lowing year; it was then known as “Mark Revisions” before the name changed once more to “Track Changes” with the release of Word 97. But the idea of
What Remains 229version tracking for electronic documents did not originate with Microsoft Word; it was already present as a feature in Word’s chief competitor, Word- Perfect, where it was particularly important for what was by then one of WordPerfect’s key markets, the legal community. And even before word processing, version control was indispensable for computer programmers. It was commonplace for multiple people to work on the same piece of code, and changes could often be subtle—something as simple as a comma or a curly brace could completely alter the functionality of a program. The Source Code Control System was thus developed at Bell Labs as early as 1972.Our current technological moment is marked by a tremendous paradox: as fragile as electronic media are and as  eeting to the historical record as they may be, they create enormous and potentially unprecedented oppor- tunities for scholarship. On the one hand, we have seen from the examples of Roth and Zadie Smith how easily the changes wrought upon electronic manuscripts can swirl away to oblivion; yet on the other hand, with the ad- vent of Track Changes and similar features, every electronic document has the potential to become what scholars term a genetic text, capable of em- bedding the history of its own making. We know, for example, from the dig- ital  les available at Emory University that Rushdie  rst opened his  rst  le for his  rst draft of The Moor’s Last Sigh on April 20, 1992, at 11:58 in the morning (the directory path reads in part “DRAFTS,NOTES / EARLY WORK:ROUGHS”).99 The prospect of such granularity in our literary his- tories can be intoxicating. But it is also important to be mindful of what we do not know. We do not know, at least not without further con rmation, whether the clock on the computer was set correctly; we do not know whether Rushdie began working  rst on some other machine, or saved even earlier work to a diskette, now lost; we do not know if he  rst began drafting longhand. The kind of information we receive from digital  les will al- ways have to be evaluated in relation to what we know of a writer’s com- position habits from other sources, just as, increasingly, what we know from those other sources will have to be evaluated in relation to what is on the computer.The most dramatic demonstration of principles may come from the Australian author Max Barry and his 2011 novel, Machine Man. Fittingly, Machine Man is a cyborg fable, the story of a high-tech industrial worker who, following an initial accident on the job, undertakes to voluntarily subtract (read: amputate) successive parts of himself, replacing each organ and limb with prosthetic components that are better and stronger than
230 TRACK CHANGESthe bones, sinew, and nerves of his biological self. The book began as a serial self-published on Barry’s website, one page a day for the better part of a year. Readers commented, and Barry revised. The novel then was pub- lished in expanded form by Vintage. But neither the bionic plotline nor the serial format and publication history is what is most interesting about the book. Barry, who is rather technically inclined (he favors the UNIX- based text editor vi for his writing), was also in the habit of using a tool called Subversion, a so-called Concurrent Versioning System or CVS, to manage his daily drafts.100 This is the same technology used by professional software developers to manage their code, requiring authors to check docu- ments in and out of a digital repository that maintains a complete, branching revision history—and allowing different users to move up and down the document tree at will, restoring any previous state of any version that they may desire, with all changes date- and time-stamped (and cryptographi- cally authenticated) to the nearest second (Greenwich Mean Time).As an experiment, Barry elected to make all of the novel’s accumulated versions publicly available on his website. “I’m not sure what use this is to anybody, other than for exposing my writerly fumblings in an even more humiliating manner than I’ve already done. But it was POSSIBLE, so I have DONE IT,” he tells us.101 The result is a well-presented online interface that allows the user to access what (at a glance) might pass for one of the type- script facsimiles in The Waste Land edition. Each variant “page” is presented on a drop-shadowed rectangle of slightly worn paper texture, which forms the backdrop for a clean, serif font. Simple cross-outs and colored text indi- cate deletions and additions, and users can click through each successive rendition of each individual page from its initial to its  nal state. In effect, what we  nd is a simulacrum of the very cross-outs and wandering arrows whose loss was mourned by the Times—what Flusser would recognize as inscription, rendered not as an intrinsic property of digital media but as a carefully engineered effect, the text’s transmission through time given ex- pression by the programmable logic of the digital environment in which it was composed.Is the hybrid body of this text thus the cybernetic corollary to the novel’s protagonist? Perhaps. More interesting, however, is that in this model text becomes less like an object or an artifact and more like an event. This is no mere casual assertion, but rather a fairly precise technical descriptor. Pro- grammers long ago  gured out that storing a record of what happens to some piece of code is more ef cient than storing each successive iteration of the
What Remains 231code itself. To retrieve a given version from a given moment in time in fact means re-creating the text—on demand—from the manifest of events documenting its evolution. Novelist (and self-taught programmer) Vikram Chandra explains the concept, what coders call event sourcing, saying, “There is no enduring object state, there are only events.”102 He aligns this dictate with a set of Buddhist beliefs that argue that our sense of “self” is really only the ongoing emergence of a series of temporally discrete enti- ties. Other commentators, however, have pointed out that there needed to be some stable, consistent force acting to connect these otherwise distinct events. Chandra quotes the tenth-century philosopher Abhinavagupta on this point: “It is in the power of remembering that the self’s ultimate freedom consists. I am free because I remember.”103December 1989. Hyattsville, Maryland. A young writer named Bill and his wife, Beth, are enduring unendurable tragedy: the death of their six-month-old daughter from complications of VATER syndrome. One dayBill  nds himself sitting in front of the NEC PC-8500 laptop he’d purchased not long before, opening a new  le, and typing the date at the top. The NEC is a small machine, awkward and ungainly and lacking the sleek lines and curves of today’s technology. It runs WordStar burned directly into its CP/M ROM board. To better see the characters on the LCD, he  nds it helpful to dim the lights and draw the blinds. The screen displays only 25 lines at a time, a limitation that perhaps helps him focus on just that moment, sus- pending the burdens of the past and the weight of the future. The screen becomes a kind of confessional, a small, luminescent window  oating in the darkened room, the Korean-manufactured keyboard a near-silent conductor for thoughts, memories, emotions; and pain.The  le he creates, of course, is named for their absent daughter. Over the span of a year, in what will become his  rst published book, he tells her story. At the end of each day’s work he self-consciously enacts the chorded keystroke sequence that lets him do the one thing he couldn’t do at the time and the only thing he can think about doing now: SAVE ANNA.104There is a cinematic counterpoint to the ending of Stand by Me: the  nal scene of the  lm adaptation of Michael Chabon’s Wonder Boys (2000). Here the writer is played by Michael Douglas. We see him in a well-appointed
232 TRACK CHANGESstudy, in front of a laptop, and we watch as the camera zooms in on the screen to follow the mouse pointer down the length of the familiar File menu until it hovers over the option to SAVE. Click. The screen goes dark, and the credits roll. People collected their coats instead of crying out in distress.Perhaps Hollywood had simply grown more sophisticated in its portrayal of computers on the big screen in the intervening decade and a half; a writer using a word processor in a mainstream movie was now expected to behave believably. But it is also possible to view the contrast between the  nal scenes in the two  lms as a re ection of our changing relationship to digital con- tent and digital culture. Whereas in the mid-1980s the ghostly green text was vulnerable to disappearing in a  ash, by the year 2000—Y2K notwith- standing—we had grown accustomed to thinking of digital media as pos- sessed of its own idiosyncratic forms of resilience, not an inscrutable or ephemeral black box but just another technology, subject to our manipula- tion and control. Grady Tripp had found a life worth living, and he entrusted it to his PowerBook without a second thought.Today, another  fteen years further on, we live in a world where ubiqui- tous computing begets ubiquitous storage. Our applications now AutoSave, our devices tether themselves to the cloud, and we ever-increasingly log and blog facets of our daily experience. Whereas some fear a digital dark ages, others warn of equally dystopian scenarios: perfect memory and total re- call. This is the premise of Dave Eggers’s The Circle (2013), set in a near future dominated by the titular social media company whose overtly Orwellian credo consists in catchphrases like “Secrets are lies” and “Privacy is theft.” Politicians and ordinary citizens alike elect to go “transparent,” eagerly adorning their bodies with cameras and sensors to record (and up- load and share) everything from their biometric data to conversations with intimates to their retail preferences. “I’m watching you now,” says a client to her interlocutor, Mae, at the Circle’s California headquarters, where Mae’s camera is transmitting an image of the screen in front of her to mil- lions of followers, the client included. “She couldn’t get over the fact that she could watch Mae typing the answer to her query in real-time, on her screen, right next to where she was receiving Mae’s typed answer. Hall of mirrors!! she wrote.”105 This may (Mae?) be where we are headed in Egg- ers’s view of the future; this may be what it looks like when hitherto unseen hands are always on view.Benjamin Moser, who is Susan Sontag’s biographer, has written of the vertiginous queasiness he felt scrolling through some 17,000 of her emails,
What Remains 233gleaned from two hard drives preserved at UCLA’s Charles E. Young Library. “To read someone’s e-mail is to see her thinking and talking in real time,” he writes. “If most e-mails are not interesting (‘The car will pick you up at 7:30 if that’s ok xxx’), others reveal unexpected qualities that are de- lightful to discover. (Who would have suspected, for example, that Sontag sent e-mails with the subject heading ‘Whassup?’)”106 At stake is more than just access to the casual intimacies of unguarded speech. Researchers can also search the corpus of emails, looking for keywords, individual corre- spondents, date ranges, and subject headings. They can visualize patterns of contacts and degrees of separation. Experimental software even allows the researcher to sort the messages by sentiment, such as “angry” or “happy” or “sad.”Literary history will not be erased by word processing, but it will be different after word processing. All of these same tools and techniques can be applied to an author’s primary corpus: if not to 17,000 emails, then to potentially innumerable versions and variants of their work in progress, each captured by a system such as Max Barry employed, each forensically correlated with other events recorded on the same system but notionally external to the writing of the story—some particular website visited, some particular chat with a friend, the weather on some particular day—all of these data algorithmically sifted and plotted to reveal . . . what? Net- works, patterns, af liations, af nities. This, at least, is one vision. Other, more deliberate models, deeply grounded in the long-standing traditions of  elds like philology, textual criticism, and analytical bibliography, are also emerging, however. Not big data but small data—slow data. One lit- erary scholar, for example, is using forensic computing techniques to care- fully reconstruct the composition process of works by the German poet Thomas Kling from his last three hard drives, much as Lawrence Rainey once unraveled the composition history of The Waste Land through fo- rensic document examination.107 A scholar working with such materials must be conversant in the antiquarian cants of vanished operating sys- tems,  le systems,  le formats, and data structures, as well as specialized tools like hex viewers,  le carvers, and emulators, just as we expect an early modernist doing book history to know something of signatures and collation formulas.There will always be things we know and things we don’t know about literature and literary history, regardless of the platforms and tools at our disposal. This is neither surprising nor disappointing. We already know so
234 TRACK CHANGESmuch more than we would seem to have any right to expect: not just the day and hour and minute (and second) when Salman Rushdie (perhaps) began working on one of his novels, or the sequence of keystrokes Max Barry followed to correct a typo, but at least some remote re ection of what it was or is like—with real empathy and appreciation for tacit knowledge—for John Hersey or George R. R. Martin to sit in front of their respective screens, or for Ellenor Handley to “think tape” while working at the MT/ST. This is what we mean by materiality, the word we  rst used in the Introduction: not just the presence or absence of information, but the lived struggle to reclaim and to recover it, to remember, to experience, and to know—to be known. This, in the end, is always what remains. What else really matters?
AFTER WORD PROCESSINGThe unwritten literary sociology of this century,” is how media philoso- pher Friedrich Kittler once described his own work. “All possible types of industrialization to which writers respond have been thoroughly researched—ranging from the steam engine and the loom to the assembly line and urbanization.”1For Kittler only one lacuna remained, and that was typewriting, not word processing, even though he was writing those words in the middle of the decade in which the Apple Macintosh and Microsoft Word both arrived.2 Together, bitmapped WYSIWYG displays, the desktop metaphor, the mouse, and Microsoft’s software would de ne word processing for more than two and a half decades to follow. (Under this GUI regimen, wrote Umberto Eco in his famous theological comparison between the Macintosh and DOS, “everyone has a right to salvation.”)3 By 1994, Word would com- mand 90 percent of the U.S. market, Microsoft having dispatched  rst WordStar and then WordPerfect in what some remember as the “word wars.”4And in truth, Word was a revelation.5 When Charles Simonyi moved from Xerox PARC to Microsoft in 1981, he hired a young programmer named Richard Brodie and set about re-creating the principles behind the Alto / Bravo interface. Word 1.0 for DOS, released in November 1983 with a free diskette inserted into that month’s issue of PC World (the  rst time the in- dustry would see that particular gimmick), could display boldface, under- lining, and italics directly on the screen, something no other word processor was then capable of doing. Like Bravo and Gypsy before it, Word placed a235
236 TRACK CHANGESpremium on formatting, encouraging the user to use stylesheets to create different looks for different kinds of documents.6 Peter Rinearson, a tech- nical consultant who had gotten an advance look at Word 1.0 and would go on to write the early books about how to use it, believed that it would have a profound impact on society, because—like the typewriter and the pen before it—it would change people’s relationship to language. Word seemed like far more than just another word processor; Rinearson called it a work of the imagination.7 But it was the Macintosh, with its bitmapped display, not Microsoft DOS, that offered the environment most suited to Word and its aspirations. By the time Word 3.0 for Macintosh was released in 1987, Simonyi would speak of that particular version as an asymptote, that is, something very close to—though never quite ful lling—his original vision.8 (Word for Windows would lag behind, not appearing in its  rst incarnation until 1989.)Of course, Word has not been universally admired. In one now-classic critical analysis, Matthew Fuller, also the producer of the Song for Occu- pations installation discussed in Chapter 9, narrated his experience trying to write after deliberately activating every toolbar, ribbon, and feature in the software, which collectively consumed much of his screen.9 Edward Mendelson, a prominent W. H. Auden scholar who began reviewing word processing software for the New York Review of Books back in the 1980s, nowadays discovers in Word an “arcane Platonism” rooted in its original con- ception of a document (rather than the text) as the foundation of the user experience, thus requiring a cascade of “demiurges” to mediate between the practical needs of those trying to use the software and the idealism of its internal forms.10 Meanwhile, when the proli c science  ction writer Charles Stross published a (self-described) rant entitled “Why Microsoft Word Must Die,” it instantly went viral.11 Stross unsparingly lashed Word as “a tyrant of the imagination, a petty, unimaginative, inconsistent dictator that is ill-suited to any creative writer’s use.”12It is indisputable that creative writing was never imagined as an impor- tant marketplace for word processing. This has been the case from the ear- liest days of the MT/ST and the Redactron Data Secretary on through to WordStar and Word itself.13 “Word processors aren’t designed for writers,” Len Deighton told Ray Hammond three decades ago. “Everything about the program on my Olivetti tells me that this guy who created it has never sat down and written a long piece of text.”14 (One exception may be Nota Bene, which was conceived with the needs of scholars and others doing
After Word Processing 237complex long-form writing in mind.) Yet the reality today is that many writers use Word by default, and many of them use it with its default settings (by default).15 It is as though Word, having condensed the essence of word pro- cessing itself into its conspicuously foreshortened title, has become fully naturalized as the No. 2 pencil of the digital age. And though contra “text,” “word” has not become a verb, it has perhaps become something even more powerful: a fully branded click-wrap content creation platform eponymous and synonymous with the Logos. Since 1988, meanwhile, Word itself has been bundled with a larger software suite Microsoft calls Of ce, a gesture both con rming and collapsing the decades of complex labor history we have painstakingly traced.Only within the last few years has this hegemony—not just Word, but to some extent the desktop metaphor itself—begun to loosen. We may never recapture the experience of the  rst half of the 1980s when dozens of dif- ferent competing word processing platforms and programs were on the market vying for the consumer’s attention, but today there is more variety and experimentation in word processing than at any time for at least two decades.16 Nowadays Stross’s preferred writing environment is an applica- tion called Scrivener, the creation of an aspiring writer turned software de- veloper named Keith Blount who was originally trying to write a novel himself.17 By his own account, Blount found Word dif cult to manage, in particular because he wanted to be able to work on his book in small-size bits and pieces and manipulate all of them the way he would note cards or scraps of paper on a desk.18 Scrivener’s interface allows the user to break long manuscripts up into small-size units, and to view each one in conjunc- tion with any number of others; it also allows writers to manage notes and other research materials in the same space as their manuscript, managing and overseeing everything using the metaphor of a corkboard. The soft- ware’s website includes testimonials from dozens of published novelists, screenwriters, and playwrights, nearly all of them speaking to its trans- formative effect on their writing practice.19 Virginia Heffernan meditates on the contrast between the program’s name and the monotheism of Word in a review published in the New York Times Magazine: “Scriveners, unlike Word-slaves, have  orid psychologies, esoteric requirements and arcane desires. They’re artists. They’re historians. With needs.”20Other alternatives are also emerging, notably a genre of programs we might think of as austerityware. In stark contrast to Word’s bloat, these are lean, computationally ef cient programs calculated to do one thing and
238 TRACK CHANGESone thing only—allow a user to write his or her prose free of distraction. Most austerityware (the label is my own) allows a user to write in full-screen mode, in effect transcending the multiwindowed regimen of the desktop in favor of a return to the kind of dedicated display that Jerry Pournelle or John Hersey would have recognized. Typical of these is WriteRoom, whose default mode is green letters on a black screen, thus explicitly mimicking old-school phosphor—not paper or pseudopaper, as Heffernan notes, but a void that seems both cosmic and primordial. In WriteRoom, writes Hef- fernan, “your sentences unfurl in prehistoric murk.”21 But while Write- Room is an effective simulacrum (right down to its Monaco font), there is a telling difference. In the bygone era it seeks to emulate, the computer had just “moved in,” as Time magazine put it: it typically occupied a dedi- cated room or at least a dedicated space within the home (recall Asimov’s dithering over where to put it). Sitting down in front of the computer was a deliberate decision. Most importantly, systems couldn’t multitask—they ran one program at a time, and switching between them meant stopping whatever you were currently doing, swapping in a new diskette, and re- booting the machine. Today, of course, computers are fully integrated into our daily routines and have become the site for managing multiple aspects of our lives, the windows on the screen offering us a manuscript draft one moment, an email message or a tweet the next, perhaps a  nancial statement or a family photograph on Facebook thereafter. Many austerityware pro- grams therefore also include a lock-in option actively prohibiting the user from escaping their writing environment for some set length of time; in- deed, some austerityware will also block the user from accessing the In- ternet and thus, at least notionally, eliminating its distractions (this even as publishers place increasing demands on writers to be proactive on so- cial media in promoting their work).22Scrivener and WriteRoom are both boutique, artisanal products, which is to say they are the work of one or two developers who with a craftlike ethos are committed to maintaining and re ning them for their dedicated constituencies. Other, stranger, confections have also emerged: for example, Write or Die, an online editor that begins erasing your text (last word  rst) if you pause too long to re ect or procrastinate and thus fall below your target pace.23 (The novelist David Nicholls has reportedly used it success- fully.)24 But the dominance of Word has also come under pressure from Web services and mobile devices, with writers now routinely working in the ubiq- uitous on-screen editors that are the backend to blogs and other social
After Word Processing 239media platforms. (Many of these now support a syntax known as Markdown, which presents the user with only a very limited set of formatting codes, in contrast to the “markup” of enterprise-level software like Word.)25 Twitter has become a recognized venue for short-form  ction, meaning that writers have acclimated themselves not only to its notorious 140-character limit but also to the constraints of working directly within its bare-bones interface.26 In Japan, meanwhile, novels written on and delivered by cell phones (often by young women) have been popular among teens (especially) for over a de- cade.27 These devices and services all offer alternatives to the traditional word processing experience through their abbreviated interfaces and the often radical constraints of their platforms.However, no Web service has competed with Word as directly as Google, whose Docs application has become the most popular “cloud-based” writing tool in the world.28 Unlike Twitter and its ilk, Google Docs is a fully fea- tured word processor, freely available along with other Google services. Users tend to gravitate toward it because it relieves them of having to worry about which  les are stored on which individual machine, while also offering the supposed safety and security of knowing their work is automatically backed up—somewhere, somehow. (Google Docs also allow a user to roll back their version history inde nitely, in effect automatically tracking every change.) Google Docs makes collaboration nearly effortless, encouraging users to invite others to share in the work of composing and editing the same document, potentially even at the same time.29 Or else they can simply be invited in to watch: in the autumn of 2012, thousands of people logged in to spectate as a British fantasy author named Silvia Hartmann, having ac- cepted a challenge, wrote her next novel live on the screen in front of them, the letters taking shape one by one from the keystrokes of her otherwise invisible  ngers.30The increasing plurality of word processing platforms—the Of ce worker versus the Scrivener, marking up versus Markdown, isolate austerity versus the sociability of the clouds—re ects an even more fundamental profusion of devices and technologies. Computers have not really been typewriters and TV sets for quite some time; laptops—frequently referred to as “note- books” and various branded permutations of the term—are now further augmented by tablets, phones, and other mobile devices. We write any- where, anytime, in any posture. We swipe, we tap, and we speak out loud even as our actual output becomes a mélange of predictive autocomplete algorithms and micro-motor gestures. The keyboard and the screen have at
240 TRACK CHANGESlast converged in visual space, as virtual keyboards slide in and out of view on our touch-sensitive displays. It is even currently fashionable to design spe- cial implementations of these in emulation of typewriters, so that the tablet device emits all of the aural cues of typewriting even as the user is treated to the illusion of a carriage return (which must be duly zinged at the end of each line) trundling across the screen. The best known such app is the Hanx Writer, bankrolled by Tom Hanks himself (he is a typewriter collector and connoisseur).31 Its delete function can be toggled on and off between a “modern” and an authentic mode: in the latter, backspacing to correct an error leaves a black overstruck “x” on the screen in its wake. Users can choose the Hanx Writer in lieu of the IOS’s default text editor, and have the option of outputting their creations (overstrikes and all) to a variety of social media platforms.At the same time, the stylus, together with so-called smart pens, are pre- senting what is surely the most serious challenge to the keyboard in some time.32 Smart pens, which sync to a nearby digital storage device where the handwriting is interpreted and reproduced as machine-readable text, effec- tively replicate the input logic of the MT/ST and Redactron, allowing what happens on a sheet of paper to leave a symbolically stored record subject to ongoing manipulation and revision. One researcher at Microsoft is out t- ting pens and tablet styluses with sensors to differentiate between different kinds of grips; the basic insight is that people hold the pen differently de- pending on what they intend to do with it—write, draw, poke at an icon on a screen. By using input from the combinations of bones, muscles, and nerves in the hand to predict what the user intends to do just before they do it, there is the potential for changing the way tablet devices work.33 The best way to read minds may turn out to be through the hand after all; graphology, the centuries-old pseudoscienti c practice of handwriting analysis, may thus be validated in the applied domain of human–computer interaction.Just as the stylus is reemerging to augment the tablet experience, the typewriter is also being reengineered. If the Hanx Writer is a celebrity vanity project, the Hemingwrite has greater ambitions. The Hemingwrite is being marketed as a “distraction-free” writing device, essentially a dedicated word processor with a number of carefully chosen limitations and constraints. It debuted in December 2014 in a well-promoted KickStarter campaign, meaning that its developers went public in search of backers to bankroll the manufacturing run. “We engineered the Hemingwrite to do one thing, and do it sublimely well,” the video introducing the fundraising campaign re-
After Word Processing 241lates.34 At a glance, it looks like a small, portable typewriter. There is a full- size keyboard and a small display screen using the now familiar e-ink tech- nology that is commonplace in dedicated digital reading devices, which has the virtue of offering high contrast and legibility in direct sunlight. The scratch-built writing software admits no customization whatsoever: no pref- erences, no noti cations, no toolbars, and certainly no anthropomorphic paperclips. It supports backspace and deletion, but there is no copy and paste option—“just like . . . before 1979 (and the debut of WordStar),” the KickStarter page explains.35 While there is no Web access as such, built-in Wi-Fi allows it to continually sync to a cloud-based storage system. The bat- tery is supposed to be good for four weeks of steady use. There is a carrying handle. Within thirty days KickStarter backers had funded the project at roughly 125 percent of what the developers were seeking.The concept is not strictly new. The TRS-80 Model 100, a small notebook-style computer  rst introduced by Radio Shack in 1983, re- mained popular, especially with journalists, for years after the end of its natural market cycle because of its light weight and long battery life. Simi- larly, the AlphaSmart Neo, which looks like a keyboard with a narrow LCD screen curling across the top, has found a niche among writers looking for a dedicated word processing machine. But more than either of these, the Hemingwrite was self-consciously designed—engineered, as the video insists—as both a  nely crafted writing instrument, not unlike Stephen King’s Waterman pen, say, and a kind of lifestyle accessory. (Presumably the Hemingwrite’s name is equally deliberately engineered, calibrated to evoke the association with the hard-drinking, hardboiled  gure whose prose was nonetheless a model of clarity and concision.) The chief premise on which the product’s design rests is the separation between composition and editing. The Hemingwrite is designed for pounding out drafts, for something close to what composition theorists term freewriting. Editing, revising, and polishing all come later—after the device has been synched by its cloud storage to some other platform. In this it actually hews very close to the power-typing model initially proposed for the MT/ST, where the emphasis was on the typist getting the words out on the page. That the  rst draft left behind a typewritten mess in the process of getting the cor- rect sequence of keystrokes onto the tape didn’t matter—the perfect printed copy would come later.Its designers tout the notion that the Hemingwrite combines the best of what word processing, typewriting, and longhand journaling each have to
242 TRACK CHANGESoffer to the writer. In fact, it might be better said to quote each of these, self-consciously selecting features and affordances to reengineer and reim- plement in a freshly fabricated environment. A writing instrument that is always instantly available? That’s journaling. A rugged, responsive keyboard? That’s typewriting. Backspacing to correct typos in a blink, and never having to worry about where your document is? That’s word processing. For this reason the Hemingwrite, more than the Hanx Writer and as much or more than any recent product or software package, serves to communicate the core truth about word processing in the present moment: that it too is al- ready a historical category, as vintage and retro in its way as the hipster’s vinyl or Moleskine. Not because we don’t use word processors anymore, and not because word processing implies a stable or universal category of ac- tivity, but because word processing has—once again—been denaturalized as the way we write. Word processing was, for a time, something new, some- thing different from writing; then, for a time, it simply was writing, threat- ening to eclipse everything that it had come before it; now it is once again something to be self-consciously emulated and engineered with delibera- tion, a specialized app rather than an all-encompassing application.Doubtless some believe we are on the threshold of just the kind of auto- mated, ubiquitously algorithmic future imagined by writers from Jonathan Swift to Italo Calvino.36 Already we can pick out the signs, from spell-check to autocomplete to entire news stories reportedly written by computer.37 Others expect word processing will soon begin to blend seamlessly with advanced information management tools like DEVONthink, which rely on data mining and fuzzy logic to build associative networks through vast stores of digital information in the manner anticipated by the Memex.38 But I think the future of word processing will prove signi cantly more variegated. If we choose to work in Word nowadays, we do so to the deliberate exclusion of myriad other options, like Medium (a boutique blogging platform) and WriteRoom and Apple’s Pages and Google Docs. We sit with our laptop to the deliberate exclusion of our tablet and phone. Or even our typewriter, as these too are making an upstart comeback.39 Word processing has thus once again become deeply entangled with the affordances of individual platforms. George R. R. Martin’s decision to assiduously continue running WordStar is not eccentric but symptomatic. Word processing is not a technology of the of ce anymore—that particular association seems as dated as the heavy metal Selectrics adorning the desks in Mad Men. (As if to prove this point or else to completely rede ne its terms, the current Microsoft branding is
After Word Processing 243Of ce Everywhere.) Word processing—when we use the phrase at all—is an activity we evoke self-consciously to mean something like powering through a writing task, marshaling the resources of the computing power we keep so casually now at our  ngertips. If I’m word processing something, then I’m as equally likely to be “telephoning” you, which is to say choosing to stress the technology’s individuality ever so slightly in order to use its vaguely retro aura as a sly form of rhetorical emphasis. Word processing is something we once did, in the same way we once used dial-up modems and studiously hyphenated the triple alliterative of the World-Wide-Web. We still use the Web, of course; dial-up modems not very much.40 As for word processing, nowadays we mostly just write, here, there, and everywhere, across ever-increasing multitudes of platforms, services, and surfaces.In this book I have endeavored to collect and relate something like one of Kittler’s unwritten literary sociologies—if not in conscious imitation of his distinctive method, then at least out of the shared conviction that our writing technologies do shape our thinking. (And yet throughout, we have struggled to avoid the pitfalls of determinism: Was Nietzsche’s well-documented embrace of the aphorism really a consequence of the Malling-Hansen Writing Ball, or of his deteriorating eyesight? Or both, or neither, or—as seems most likely—both in conjunction with myriad other factors?) If, as I suggest above, the “conclusion” to word processing’s story has already been written—in the sense that we can now understand word processing as a distinct technological or historical phenomenon, brack- eted in historical time—then any  nal conclusions I can offer here, so soon after the event, run the risk of seeming premature. Nonetheless some underlying features of my narrative are worth revisiting.Pace Gore Vidal, word processing did not erase literature, not in any sense I can fathom. Neither, of course, did it perfect literature. But like the type- writer before it, word processing changed the face of literary culture and our imagination of literary authorship. The backbone of my argument has been a consideration of authorial labor in the production of writing, in con- junction with the material particulars of various technologies of writing. For word processing’s crucial formative period—from the early 1970s on through to the early 1980s, when it made the transition from of ce equipment to killer application for the personal computer—this backbone was upheld by a social tissue of embodied—gendered—relations. These had everything to
244 TRACK CHANGESdo with work and labor and whose work the labor-intensive process of writing was supposed to be. Gender did not cease to be a consideration in either our imagination or our implementation of writing technologies thereafter, of course, but I have found no particularly compelling evidence to suggest that word processing’s uptake in the literary sphere broke down along gen- dered lines once the tipping point had been reached, even if (as the stories I have collected here suggest) the preponderance of the earliest literary adopters appear to have been men.Did computers really save writers work in the end? I believe it is better to ask what new kinds of work they helped to make. Although the language of labor is inescapable in any number of testimonials about the ef cacy of word processing (in particular where revision is concerned), it is clear that for many authors other forms of work arose in turn, whether it was plumbing the arcane mysteries of the machine, keeping up with computers and soft- ware, or just doing forms of work (copyediting, even typesetting) previously relegated to others. Similarly, computers did not replace older writing tech- nologies but instead coexisted with them—many or most writers avail themselves of hybrid working habits that result in their texts migrating back and forth across different media in the course of their production. Archi- vists and scholars, for their part, will also have new work to do. They will have to contend not just with the legacy of computers and digital storage, but also the textual relations inhering amid the extraordinarily dense and diverse constellations of writing practices that can materially coexist in the tiny universe of an author’s study or on top of a writer’s desk (and desktop). Hard drives and  oppy disks will no more erase literature or literary history than word processing itself will, but literary history and literary criticism also will change as new forms of bibliographic analysis and biographical information—perhaps too much information—become available.But we will never know all that we want to know, regardless of the abun- dance of our information and how hard we work to track the changes. We may never, for example, know with absolute certitude who was the  rst author to sit down in front of a digital computer’s keyboard and compose a published work of  ction or poetry directly on the screen. Quite possibly it was Jerry Pournelle or maybe it was David Gerrold or even Michael Crichton or Richard Condon; or someone else entirely whom I have overlooked. It probably happened in the year 1977 or 1978 at the latest, and it was almost certainly a popular (as opposed to a highbrow) author; they were probably
After Word Processing 245writing in English because that was (and is) the language in whose syntax the dominant systems and software are programmed. John Hersey, though working earlier than any of the preceding, did not, as we have seen, initially compose My Petition for More Space at the PDP-10’s terminal, though he certainly edited and revised there extensively—and he did something these others did not: he used a computer to design and typeset the  nished book.41But if we jettison our impulse toward what Nick Montfort has usefully termed screen essentialism in our thinking about the norms of digital cul- ture, then my favored candidates for the  rst published novel written with a word processor remain Len Deighton and Ellenor Handley.42 It is true that the MT/ST was not called a word processor during its initial roll-out, but it was once IBM had adopted the term as part of its general sales strategy by around 1970; both in concept and in name then, there is no question that the MT/ST was the  rst word processor. As such, it defamiliarizes our un- derstanding of that term through its reliance on what was in effect a paper screen; what is important about word processing turns out to be not the glowing letters behind the glass but a workable mechanism for suspending the act (that is, the moment) of inscription. Just as importantly, the intensely collaborative process between Deighton and Handley—though there is no doubt that Deighton was the exclusive author of the text in every literary sense—captures the important sociological dimensions of word processing’s formation, both in its rigidly apportioned gender roles and the of ce work-  ows that shaped and reinforced them. By the same token, however, we also see how the material circumstances of literary production altered the conceit of the unseen hands: the very fact that Deighton and Handley both worked out of the same room makes their professional relationship more nuanced than that of the traditional boss and secretary, whom word processing explicitly sought to separate from one another. And whatever Bomber’s legacy as a contribution to twentieth-century literature, it is a clear harbinger of the techno-thriller, one of the leading genres today; if some book has to be  rst, this one—with its machines  ghting machines— is perhaps more topically suited to the claim than most.Move beyond the  xation on  rsts, though, and the range and register of our stories expands dramatically. Every impulse that I had to gener- alize about word processing—that it made books longer, that it made sen- tences shorter, that it made sentences longer, that it made authors more proli c—was seemingly countered by some equally compelling exemplar suggesting otherwise. There is no question that the popular advent of word
246 TRACK CHANGESprocessing around the year 1981 was an event of the highest signi cance in the history of writing. The technology and the changes it portended would have been visible everywhere to a professional author then, whether at writers’ conferences or in the pages of newsstand magazines or on late-night talk shows or just watching what the neighbor’s kid was doing in front of that strange new glass box. In terms of sensory input alone the arrival of a computer on a writer’s desk would have been drama of the highest order—not just the glowing screen (and the eyestrain that ensued), but the whirring and clicking and clacking of the hardware, the hissing sizzle of the modem, the screech and scrape of the printer, the new objects to touch (keyboards not least, with their new “feel” to adjust to), even the smells of plastic and polymers when the system was humming and throwing off heat. Michael Joyce, an Irish American novelist best known for his pioneering experi- mental hypertext  ction Afternoon: A Story (1987), captures that experience in a letter he wrote to a friend just as he was making his own  rst acquain- tance with a computer:I am amazed by how compelling the computer is, how freely I am able to write at it (con ned to journals as yet, until I get the  ne points of Apple- writer down), and how easily time goes by at its terminal. But I am aware of its inwardness, a sense that time spent there is burrowing and silent, somehow geometric. Possibly this really is a function of not having the printer as yet, but I doubt so. I think it has more to do with the utterly elemental quality of the information the Apple handles, the really quite pleasing beauty of the rows of chips when the lid is off, the pleasant geo- graphic satisfaction of memory simultaneously on the disk and in memory itself, the ribbed, grey ribbon that links them. I mean, this is seductive technology.43Seductive technology: even an off-the-shelf Apple II was capable of inspiring the full measure of imaginative possibility Joyce would eventually bring to the design of Storyspace and the composition of Afternoon. But while the personal computer’s sudden arrival doubtless seemed seductive to Joyce and his contemporaries, its impact was still more diffuse than we might  rst think. For every writer who switched over, another one did not; for every writer who composed on the screen, another one continued to work long- hand, or worked from printed hard copies, or both; for every writer who became obsessed with the mysteries of the technology, another was con- tent to subsist within the doldrums of their system’s every default; for every
After Word Processing 247writer who wrote more, another rewrote more; for every writer who  nished a book with their word processor, another did not; and so on.It may be that the rhetorical equivalencies behind some of these conten- tions will in time be disproven through more rigorous quantitative and formal analysis, what the digital humanities calls distant reading or macro- analysis; regardless, I prefer to err on the side of individual circumstance and plurality rather than hard determinism. Word processing was (and is) an intimate technology, however paradoxically intangible the software that enables it. Writers live with and within their word processors, and thus with and within the system’s logics and constraints—these themselves become part of the daily lived experience of writers’ working hours, as predictable and proximate as the squeak of a chair or that certain shaft of sunlight that makes its way across the room. We might also remember that, computation- ally speaking, “processing” is an intermediary state: it is something that happens in between the system’s input and output, and thus always in large measure out of reach. So I want to resist the impulse to  ll these  nal para- graphs with proclamations about what word processing does and does not do for or to the grand human enterprise of writing literature.However, we should not diminish the magnitude of what has changed. A writer—say it is myself, say it is right now—presses a key and completes a circuit and a spark of voltage  ashes through a silicon chip to open a logic gate that illuminates a pattern of pixels on a liquid crystal display screen (could the terminology be more wonderful?); the writer presses another key and the process repeats, or maybe that  rst letter disappears as the elec- trical charge brie y held within the system’s solid-state memory rearranges itself into another con guration as the typo is corrected, or the writer settles on a word just a little more juste. This is an extraordinary act, and it is a trivial act. It is also a material act—and in that material act lives history, a history that is part of what literature now is. Others will contribute their own stories and counterstories, or so I very much hope.44 For myself, I have only one more key to press, and then, just like that, the teeming processes that make up my words within this i5 4200U CPU will come to a punctu- ated stop. And now, just like that . . . they do.
Author’s NoteNow that Track Changes is published, there will surely be persons who wish to come forward and offer additional information about the literary history of word processing—stories of their own that I have overlooked or not included, or tips and contacts for further research. In order to help ensure that a literary history of word processing can continue to evolve, new information from readers will be evaluated and made available as ap- propriate at http://trackchangesbook.info. I encourage you to contact me there if you have a story to share. Thank you.249
NotesPreface1. “The First Writing-Machines”  rst appeared in 1905. It is a tricky little text consisting of intertwined autobiography, exaggeration, fabrication, and what are likely simply mistakes. Notably, Twain misidenti es the typescript in question as that of The Adventures of Tom Sawyer, though scholarship is de nitive on the point that it was in fact Life on the Mississippi. Only a few pages of the typescript still survive today. See Horst H. Kruse, Mark Twain and “Life on the Mississippi” (Amherst: University of Massachusetts Press, 1981), for details of that book’s composition and publication. Darren Wershler-Henry, in The Iron Whim: A Fragmented History of Typewriting (Ithaca, NY: Cornell University Press, 2005), examines the “Writing-Machines” sketch in some detail (225–230); for another insightful reading of Twain’s typewriting, see Lisa Gitelman, “Mississippi MSS: Twain, Typing, and Moving Panorama of Literary Production,” in Residual Media, ed. Charles R. Acland (Minnea- polis: University of Minnesota Press, 2007), 329–343.2. Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray: An Annotated, Uncensored Edition, ed. Nicholas Frankel (Cambridge, MA: Harvard University Press, 2011), 51.3. The claim about James’s dependence on the sound of the typewriter originates with his amanuensis, Theodora Bosanquet, has been repeated by Marshall McLuhan, and is con rmed by his biographer Leon Edel. See Wershler-Henry, The Iron Whim, 100–101.4. Michael R. Williams, “A Preview of Things to Come: Some Remarks on the First Generation of Computers,” in The First Computers: History and251
252 Notes to Pages xi-xivArchitecture, ed. Raúl Rojas and Ulf Hashagen (Cambridge, MA: MITPress, 2002), 3.5. Thomas Haigh, “Remembering the Of ce of the Future: The Origins ofWord Processing and Of ce Automation,” IEEE Annals of the History of Computing 28, no. 4 (October–December 2006): 12. As early as 1949, a Jesuit priest, Roberto Busa, S.J., began using IBM punched cards to compile a concordance to the 13 million words of St. Thomas Aquinas, working with computers not only to “process” literary data but also to print the results for what would become his Index Thomisticus. The de nitive account of Busa’s early literary computing work is to be found in Steven E. Jones, Roberto Busa, S.J., and the Emergence of Humanities Computing: The Priest and the Punched Cards (London: Routledge, 2016).6. Recent years have seen many popular books on the history of hand- writing, typewriting, and writing writ large. For just a sample, see Philip Hensher, The Missing Ink: The Lost Art of Handwriting (New York: Farrar, Straus and Giroux, 2012); Wershler-Henry, The Iron Whim (2005); and Matthew Battles, Palimpsest: A History of the Written Word (New York: W. W. Norton, 2015).7. Ezra Greenspan and Jonathan Rose, “An Introduction to Book History,” Book History 1, no. 1 (1998): ix.8. For one very recent starting point, which also offers a useful synthesis of many previous studies, see Naomi S. Baron, Words Onscreen: The Fate of Reading in a Digital World (Oxford: Oxford University Press, 2015).9. One project of exceptional promise in this regard (researched and written contemporaneously with Track Changes) is Tom Mullaney’s forthcoming The Chinese Typewriter: A Global History; see also Nanette Gottlieb, Word-Processing Technology in Japan: Kanji and the Keyboard (London: Routledge, 2000).10. Please see the Author’s Note regarding trackchangesbook.info, a website I have set up in anticipation of such instances.11. As recounted in Mona Simpson, “A Sister’s Eulogy for Steve Jobs,” New York Times, October 30, 2011, http://www.nytimes.com/2011/10/30 /opinion/mona-simpsons-eulogy-for-steve-jobs.html. She writes: “I didn’t know much about computers. I still worked on a manual Olivetti typewriter. I told Steve I’d recently considered my  rst purchase of a computer: something called the Cromemco. Steve told me it was a good thing I’d waited. He said he was making something that was going to be insanely beautiful.” Also email to the author, December 3, 2014.12. As reported in Curt Suplee, “Tapping at the Chamber Door,” PC Magazine, May 29, 1984, 249. These same AAP statistics are cited by the Chicago Guide to Preparing Electronic Manuscripts for Authors and Publishers (Chicago: University of Chicago Press, 1987), 1.
Notes to Pages xv-1 25313. But this was by no means true of elsewhere in the world, even other Anglophone nations. By contrast, for example, Joe Moran suggests that in the United Kingdom it was the September 1985 debut of Alan Sugar’s Amstrad PCW 8256 that marked “the tipping point when many writers, published and aspiring, made the trek to Dixons, where it was exclusively sold, and joined the computer age.” The Amstrad, which Sugar had designed after seeing word processors in Tokyo, came with a twelve-inch screen, a dot matrix printer, and its own word processing program, called LocoScript. It cost £399. See Moran, “Typewriter, You’re Fired! How Writers Learned to Love the Computer,” The Guardian, August 28, 2015, http://www.theguardian.com/books/2015/aug/28/how-amstrad-word -processor-encouraged-writers-use-computers.14. See Pynchon, “Is It OK to Be a Luddite?,” New York Times Book Review, October 28, 1984, 1, 40–41; and Vidal, “In Love with the Adverb,” New York Review of Books, March 29, 1984.15. According to Michael Crichton, in 1978 there were approximately 5,000 “desktop” computers in the United States, and by 1982 there were 5 million. See Crichton, Electronic Life: How to Think about Computers (New York: Knopf, 1983), 3.16. As it happens, 1984 was also the year illustrator David Levine began to sometimes draw writers with computers in his famous caricatures for the New York Review of Books. The  rst appears to have been Alison Lurie, for the October 11, 1984, issue where her novel Foreign Affairs was reviewed. Levine did not routinely give his authors computers until the early 2000s, however, when he out tted them with minuscule laptops dwarfed by their outsized heads. The depiction of the computer as slim and lightweight— almost nonexistent as opposed to the blocky lines of his typewriters— becomes his visual measure of the difference between the two technologies.17. David Bain, email to the author, August 16, 2015. The poet William Dickey, writing in his introduction to a symposium on “The Writer and the Computer” appearing in New England Review / Bread Loaf Quar- terly 10, no. 1 (Autumn 1987), tenders a similar observation, quoting Donald Hall as saying “Now, when [writers] get together what they talk about is their word-processors” (44).Introduction1. For the of cial Conan clip, which has garnered over one million views, see “George R. R. Martin Still Uses a DOS Word Processor,” YouTube video, 1:40, posted by Team Coco on May 13, 2014, https://www.youtube.com /watch?v=X5REM-3nWHg.
254 Notes to Pages 2-72. Strictly speaking it had been known already. In an entry on his “Live- Journal” page, dated February 17, 2011, Martin notes, “I still do all my writing on an old DOS machine running WordStar 4.0, the Duesenberg of word processing software (very old, but unsurpassed).” Not a Blog (blog), http://grrm.livejournal.com/197075.html.3. Dennis Baron, A Better Pencil: Readers, Writers, and the Digital Revolu- tion (Oxford: Oxford University Press, 2009), 106–109.4. Thomas J. Bergin, “The Origins of Word Processing Software for Personal Computers: 1976–1985,” IEEE Annals of the History of Computing 28, no. 4 (October–December 2006): 43.5. Robert J. Sawyer, “WordStar: A Writer’s Word Processor,” Science Fiction Writer (1990, 1996), http://sfwriter.com/wordstar.htm.6. For these and other details of WordStar’s colorful history, see Seymour Rubinstein, “Recollections: The Rise and Fall of WordStar,” IEEE Annals of the History of Computing 28, no. 4 (October–December 2006), 64–72; see also, Bergin, “Origins of Word Processing Software.”7. Sawyer notes that this was so integral to WordStar’s design that the program even included a utility for letting users swap around the behavior of their Caps Lock and Control keys if the default layout of their keyboard placed the latter more conveniently than the former. See http://sfwriter .com/wordstar.htm.8. Ibid.9. Ibid.10. Adam Bradley, Ralph Ellison in Progress (New Haven, CT: Yale Univer-sity Press, 2010), 40.11. Michael Heim, Electric Language: A Philosophical Study of WordProcessing (New Haven, CT: Yale University Press, 1987), 136.12. Ibid., 194.13. Mark Poster, The Mode of Information: Poststructuralism and Social Contexts (Chicago: University of Chicago Press, 1990), 111.14. Hannah Sullivan, The Work of Revision (Cambridge, MA: Harvard University Press, 2013), 256–257.15. “Give Claire Messud the Right Pen and Paper,” Boston Globe, May 31, 2014, http://www.bostonglobe.com/arts/books/2014/05/31/new-england - w r i t e r s - w o r k - c l a i r e - m e s s u d / a o 0 k u S D J g 4 G i x v m 3 1 A y q g I / s t o r y. h t m l .16. Bradley, Ralph Ellison in Progress, 33. Bradley is willing to characterize word processing’s impact on Ellison as “complicated” and “not always positive,” but he is dismissive of the notion that there is any single causal element behind the trajectory of Ellison’s later career.17. Thriller author Alec Nevala-Lee, commenting on Martin’s use of WordStar, puts it this way: “Much of writing, as I’ve said many times before, boils
Notes to Pages 7-9 255down to habit, and writers are rightly nervous about upsetting the intricate balance of routines and rituals that they’ve developed over the years. Even the most productive writer knows that he’s one bad morning away from the hell of writer’s block, and it makes sense to persist in whatever works, when we’re surrounded by a universe of doubtful alternatives.” (“A Song of DOS and WordStar,” Alec Nevala-Lee [blog], April 16, 2013, http://nevalalee .wordpress.com/2013/04/16/a-song-of-dos-and-wordstar/.)18. Scientists sometimes call the manner in which our creativity and productivity depend on networks of seemingly inert objects distributed cognition. Spell-check, which was implemented in WordStar 4.0 with a program called SpellStar, is an easy example: but we  nd all manner of everyday cognitive functions distributed across hybrid human-arti cial systems—think about driving a car (especially now with the aid of GPS).19. “Tom McCarthy: My Desktop,” Writer’s Desktops (blog), The Guardian, November 24, 2011, http://www.theguardian.com/books/2011/nov/24/tom -mccarthy-desktop.20. “The WIRED Diaries,” Wired 7.01 (archived), January 1999, http://archive .wired.com/wired/archive/7.01/diaries_pr.html.21. I am of course alluding to technology historian Langdon Winner’s classic essay, “Do Artifacts Have Politics?,” originally published in Daedalus 109, no. 1 (Winter 1980): 121–136.22. In this I follow Edward L. Said, who glosses Vico’s principle as “We can really only know what we make” and “To know is to know how a thing is made, to see it from the point of view of its human maker.” Said, Humanism and Democratic Criticism (New York: Columbia University Press, 2004), 11.23. Jerome McGann, The Scholar’s Art: Literary Studies in a Managed World (Chicago: University of Chicago Press, 2006), ix.24. Evija Tro mova, Paul Auster’s Writing Machine: A Thing to Write With (New York: Bloomsbury, 2014), xi–xii.25. See Paul Auster and Sam Messer, The Story of My Typewriter (New York: D. A. P., 2002).26. “The business of  tting the inchoate and intractable plasma of sensation or experience into the brittle containers—word and grammatical forms— with which we convey it to the reader,” is how Deborah Eisenberg puts it. Eisenberg, “Resistance,” in The Eleventh Draft: Craft and the Writing Life from the Iowa Writers’ Workshop, ed. Frank Conroy (New York: Harper Collins, 1999), 114.27. John Durham Peters, “Writing,” in The International Encyclopedia of Media Studies: Media Effects / Media Psychology, ed. Angharad N. Valdiva and Erica Scharrer (London: Blackwell, 2013), 9.
256 Notes to Pages 9-1128. W. Brian Arthur, The Nature of Technology: What It Is and How It Evolves (New York: Free Press, 2009), 12.29. Vikram Chandra, Geek Sublime: The Beauty of Code, the Code of Beauty (Minneapolis: Graywolf Press, 2014), 14.30. Sawyer uses the example of marking a block of text for some later action to illustrate what he perceives as WordStar’s advantage over WordPerfect in this regard: “WordPerfect requires that I decide whether I want to cut or copy a block, then immediately mark the beginning of the block, then immediately mark the end of the block, then immediately position the cursor at where I want the block to go, then immediately move the block, and then  nd my way back to the place where I was originally working. From the moment I decide I might, perhaps, want to do something with a block of text to the moment I actually  nish that operation, WordPerfect is in control, dictating what I must do. WordStar, with its long-hand-page metaphor, says, hey, do whatever you want whenever you want to. This is a good spot to mark the beginning of a block? Fine. What would you like to do next? Deal with the block? Continue writing? Use the thesaurus?” (http://sfwriter.com/wordstar.htm.)31. In addition to their many papers, see especially Daniel Chandler, The Act of Writing: A Media Theory Approach (Aberystwyth: University of Wales, 1995); and Christina Haas, Writing Technology: Studies on The Materi- ality of Literacy (Mahwah, NJ: Erlbaum, 1996).32. Haas, Writing Technology, xiv.33. See Adi Robertson, “King of the Click: The Story of the Greatest Key-board Ever Made,” The Verge, October 7, 2014, http://www.theverge.com/2014/10/7/6882427/king-of-keys.34. Nietzsche’s statement has passed into Anglo-American media studieslargely through its invocation by Friedrich Kittler, who sources it to a letter written in February 1882. Kittler, Gramophone, Film, Typewriter, trans. Geoffrey Winthrop-Young (Stanford, CA: Stanford University Press, 1999), 200.35. William Dickey, “A Ham Sandwich and Some Hay,” New England Review / Bread Loaf Quarterly 10, no. 1 (Autumn 1987): 45. Dickey’s essay introduces a symposium on “The Writer and the Computer” that also includes contributions from Wendell Berry (who, as we will see in Chapter 7, does not buy a computer), Sven Birkerts, Robert Pinsky (co-author of the interactive  ction game Mindwheel), Rob Swigart (author of the adventure game Portal), and P. Michael Campbell. Notably, this issue of NER/BLQ is also its tenth anniversary issue, and, as its editors remark at the outset, re ects the journal’s ongoing commitment to engaging “Subjects That Matter” (v). For more on Dickey’s HyperCard
Notes to Pages 11-15 257poetry, which remains unpublished, see his essay “Poem Descending a Staircase,” in Hypermedia and Literary Studies, eds. Paul Delany and George P. Landow (Cambridge: MIT Press, 1994), 143–152.36. Matt Schudell, “Lucille Clifton, Md. Poet Laureate and National Book Award Winner,” Washington Post, February 21, 2010, http://www .washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2010/02/20/AR201002 2003419.html.37. Phoebe Hoban, “Beyond the Typewriter,” New York, March 10, 1986, 14.38. Based on the contents of the  oppy disks included in her papers at Emory University. “Lucille Clifton Papers > Born Digital Materials,” EmoryFinding Aids, accessed July 17, 2015,  ndingaids.library.emory.edu/documents/clifton1054/series11/.39. Susan B. A. Somers-Willet, “ ‘A Music to Language’: A Conversation withLucille Clifton,” American Voice 49 (Summer 1999): 81.40. John McPhee, “Structure,” New Yorker, January 14, 2013, 53.41. At least one fan apparently did exactly that, using a copy of WordStar tore-create the opening paragraphs of A Game of Thrones. See“George R. R. Martin Writes Game of Thrones on an Old School DOS PC,” Celebrities & Entertainment (blog), Tweak Town, May 14, 2014, http://www.tweaktown.com/news/37719/george-r-r-martin-writes-game-of -thrones-on-an-old-school-dos-pc/index.html.42. This kind of fascination is not, of course, limited to writers. We crave proximity to the creative process in other domains as well, latching on to all manner of minute particulars of craft and instrumentation. Take rock music: There is an anecdote that circulates about the virtuoso electric guitarist Eric Johnson actually being able to hear the difference when a technician replaced the nine-volt batteries in his effects pedals with a different brand. That story has become a fan favorite because it encapsu- lates Johnson’s reputation as a perfectionist who hears what others cannot. His guitar technique may be ineffable, but something as mundane as a particular brand of battery? That we can grasp hold of. (I am grateful to Alan Galey for suggesting this story to me.)43. Tom McCarthy, “Writing Bytes,” New York Times Book Review, November 3, 2013, 12.1. Word Processing as a Literary Subject1. The episode is recounted in Charles Babbage, Passages from the Life of a Philosopher (London: Longman, 1864), 192–194.2. Ricardo Birmele, “WordPerfect,” Byte, December 1984, 277.
258 Notes to Pages 15-173. Art Spikol, “Processed Words,” Writer’s Digest, August 1983, 8.4. Ray Hammond, The Writer and the Word Processor (London: Coronet, 1984), 9. Hammond is a science writer and futurologist. In 1983 he hadpublished a similar book, The Musician and the Micro.5. Ibid.6. John Durham Peters, “Writing,” in The International Encyclopedia of Media Studies: Media Effects / Media Psychology, ed. Angharad N. Valdiva and Erica Scharrer (London: Blackwell, 2013), 18–19.7. See Peter Stallybrass, “Printing and the Manuscript Revolution,” in Explorations in Communication and History, ed. Barbie Zelizer (Abingdon, UK: Routledge, 2008), 111–118; Stallybrass, “ ‘Little Jobs’: Broadsides and the Printing Revolution,” in Agent of Change: Print Culture Studies after Elizabeth L. Eisenstein, ed. Sabrina Alcorn Baron, Eric N. Lindquist, and Eleanor F. Shevlin (Amherst: University of Massachusetts Press, 2007), 315–341; and Lisa Gitelman, Paper Knowl- edge: Toward a Media History of Documents (Durham, NC: Duke University Press, 2014): 21–52.8. John Guillory, “The Memo and Modernity,” Critical Inquiry 31 (Autumn 2004): 111.9. Margaret Atwood, “Amnesty International: An Address,” Second Words: Selected Critical Prose, 1960–1982 (Toronto: House of Anansi Press, 1982), 397.10. Kenneth Goldsmith has repeated this line on many occasions. For one instance, see “I Look to Theory Only when I Realize That Somebody Has Dedicated Their Entire Life to a Question I Have Only Fleetingly Considered (a Work in Progress),” at Kenneth Goldsmith (author page), University of Buffalo, Electronic Poetry Center, accessed July 23, 2015, http://wings.buffalo.edu/epc/authors/goldsmith/theory.html.11. Hammond, Writer and the Word Processor, 9–10.12. See Lawrence Rainey, Revisiting The Waste Land (New Haven, CT: YaleUniversity Press, 2005), for both the de nitive forensic account of the text’s typewritten composition and a deft reading of the typewriter’s  gure.13. Hannah Sullivan, The Work of Revision (Cambridge, MA: Harvard University Press, 2013), 39–41.14. For two starting points into this history, see Barrie Tulliett, Typewriter Art: A Modern Anthology (London: Laurence King, 2014); and Jerome J. McGann, Black Riders: The Visible Language of Modernism (Princeton, NJ: Princeton University Press, 1993).15. Darren Wershler-Henry, The Iron Whim: A Fragmented History of Type- writing (Ithaca, NY: Cornell University Press, 2007), 2.
Notes to Pages 17-18 25916. Adam Bradley, Ralph Ellison in Progress (Hartford, CT: Yale University Press, 2010), 54.17. Ibid.18. Lawrence Grobel, Conversations with Capote (Boston: Da Capo Press,2000), 32.19. One exception, featured by Matthew Fuller, is Jeff Bridges’s performancein the otherwise forgettable action thriller Blown Away (1994), wherein Bridges must defuse a bomb set to go off if a certain pace of typing is not maintained by the victim on her computer, whose remaining storage capacity clicks inexorably (and improbably) down to zero. Fuller, “It Looks Like You’re Writing a Letter,” Behind the Blip: Essays on the Culture of Software (Brooklyn: Autonomedia, 2003), 137.20. David Mamet, “The Art of Theater No. 11,” interviewed by John Lahr, Paris Review, Spring 1997, http://www.theparisreview.org/interviews/1280 /the-art-of-theater-no-11-david-mamet.21. Anne Fadiman, Ex Libris: Confessions of a Common Reader (New York: Farrar, Straus and Giroux, 1998), 93.22. For just two examples, see Marshall Fisher, “Memoria ex Machina,” Harpers Magazine, December 2002, http://harpers.org/archive/2002/12 /memoria-ex-machina/; and William Pannapacker, “A Type of Nostalgia,” Chronicle of Higher Education, February 26, 2012, http://m.chronicle .com/article/A-Type-of-Nostalgia/130904/. (In each instance their title gives away the game.)23. Stacy Conradt, “The Quick 10: 10 Authors and Their Typewriters,” Mental_Floss, June 15, 2009, http://mental oss.com/article/21979/quick -10-10-authors-and-their-typewriters; see also Richard Polt, “Writers and Their Typewriters,” The Classic Typewriter Page, http://site.xavier.edu /polt/typewriters/typers.html.24. Florian Cramer, “What Is ‘Post-digital’?,” APRJA (A Peer Review Journal About) Post-Digital Research 3, no. 1 (2014), http://www.aprja.net/?p =1318.25. See exhibit listing for Steve Soboroff’s typewriter collection at The Paley Center for Media on LA Weekly.com, http://www.laweekly.com/event /steve-soboroff-typewriter-collection-5283730.26. See https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/hanx-writer/id868326899?mt=8.27. Tom Hanks, “I Am TOM. I Like to TYPE. Hear That?,” New York Times, August 3, 2013, http://www.nytimes.com/2013/08/04/opinion/sunday/i-am-tom-i-like-to-type-hear-that.html?_r=0.28. Margalit Fox, “Manson Whitlock, Typewriter Repairman, Dies at 96,”New York Times, September 8, 2013, http://www.nytimes.com/2013/09/08 /nyregion/manson-whitlock-typewriter-repairman-dies-at-96.html?_r=0.
260 Notes to Pages 18-2029. See Richard Polt, The Typewriter Revolution: A Typist’s Companion for the 21st Century (New York: Countryman Press, 2015).30. For documentation of Tim Youd’s work, see “Typewriter Series,” Tim Youd (author website), http://www.timyoud.com/typewriter-series.html.31. Frank Conroy, quoted in Peter H. Lewis, “Computer Words: Less Perfect?,” New York Times, November 1, 1992, http://www.nytimes.com /1992/11/01/education/computer-words-less-perfect.html.32. See Josh Giesbrecht, “How the Ballpoint Pen Killed Cursive,” The Atlantic, August 28, 2015, http://www.theatlantic.com/technology/archive /2015/08/ballpoint-pens-object-lesson-history-handwriting/402205/.33. See Jay David Bolter and Richard Grusin, Remediation: Understanding New Media (Cambridge, MA: MIT Press, 1999).34. Margaret Atwood, “Can I Have a Word?,” Monocle, October 2013, 86–87.35. The name was also an explicit reference to a predecessor program, Colossal Typewriter, written for the PDP-1 at nearby BBN Technologies in Cambridge, Massachusetts. A little over a decade later a young pro- grammer named Will Crowther would go to work at BBN and program its successor machine, a PDP-10, to run something he called Colossal Cave, thus inaugurating the genre of the text-based adventure game.36. See Bruce Bliven Jr., The Wonderful Writing Machine (New York: Random House, 1954).37. Jeffrey Elliott, “Around the Worlds in 80 Ways (Starring Larry Niven),” Writer’s Digest, January 1980, 47.38. Anthony recounts the episode in one of his characteristically extended author’s notes, this one to his 1986 novel Wielding a Red Sword, which (he tells us) was the fourth novel he’d completed on the new system in the last nine months (a DEC Rainbow 100+with software called Professional Text Processor). Other aspects of Anthony’s description are also of interest, starting with the opening caveat to the reader: “If you happen to be one who is sick of hearing about how yet another innocent soul has been computerized, and his joys and horrors thereof, skip this account” (282). (It suggests the extent to which what I have termed the conversion narrative was by then already a set piece among literati.) Anthony’s conversion narrative is more detailed and more interesting than most— replete with details not only of the (rather involved) Dvorak hack, but also a literally hair-raising episode involving a near-miss from a lightning strike mere days after he had gotten the new system installed, plus an extended meditation on the differences between the CP/M and DOS operating systems. As a document, it testi es to the extent to which writers could be extremely discerning critics and users of the new technology, fully capable
Notes to Pages 20-22 261of knowing and demanding what they wanted. “Computer companies,” he concludes, “have very little notion of the needs of novelists.” See Piers Anthony, Wielding a Red Sword (New York: Ballantine Books, 1986), 282–297.39. Jorie Graham, “The Art of Poetry No. 85,” interviewed by Thomas Gardner, Paris Review, Spring 2003, http://www.theparisreview.org /interviews/263/the-art-of-poetry-no-85-jorie-graham.40. “José Saramago, “The Art of Fiction No. 155,” interviewed by Donzelina Barroso, Paris Review, Winter 1998, http://www.theparisreview.org /interviews/1032/the-art-of- ction-no-155-jose-saramago.41. Amos Oz, “The Art of Fiction No. 148,” interviewed by Shusha Guppy, Paris Review, Fall 1996, http://www.theparisreview.org/interviews/1366 /the-art-of- ction-no-148-amos-oz.42. Joan Didion, “The Salon Interview: Joan Didion,” interviewed by Dave Eggers, Salon, October 28, 1996, http://www.salon.com/1996/10/28 /interview_11/.43. Maria Nadotti, “An Interview with Don DeLillo,” trans. Peggy Boyers, ed. Don DeLillo, Salmagundi 100 (Fall 1993): 86–97.44. See Patricia Cohen, “No Country for Old Typewriters: A Well-Used One Heads to Auction,” New York Times, November 30, 2009, http://www .nytimes.com/2009/12/01/books/01typewriter.html?_r=1&.45. Paul Auster and Sam Messer, The Story of My Typewriter (New York: D.A.P., 2002), 10.46. Paul Auster, “The Art of Fiction No. 178,” interviewed by Michael Wood, Paris Review, Fall 2003, http://www.theparisreview.org/interviews/121 /the-art-of- ction-no-178-paul-auster.47. Ibid.48. Auster and Messer, Story of My Typewriter, 21–22. In the course of myresearch I spoke with a journalist who had recently interviewed Auster. He informed me the author indeed still does all of his writing in note- books and then types the day’s product on the Olympia. An assistant handles his computer work. Andrew Hax, email message to the author, February 7, 2012.49. See “Joyce Carol Oates,” Daily Routines (blog), July 30, 2007, http:// dailyroutines.typepad.com/daily_routines/2007/07/joyce-carol-oat.html.50. Joyce Carol Oates, “The Art of Fiction No. 72,” interviewed by Robert Phillips, Paris Review, Winter 1978, http://www.theparisreview.org /interviews/3441/the-art-of- ction-no-72-joyce-carol-oates.51. Ibid.52. For a discussion of Oates’s “maximalism,” see Mark McGurl, The ProgramEra (Cambridge, MA: Harvard University Press, 2011), 297–320.
262 Notes to Pages 22-2353. Kazuo Ishiguro, “The Art of Fiction No. 196,” interviewed by Susannah Hunnerwell, Paris Review, Spring 2008, http://www.theparisreview.org /interviews/5829/the-art-of- ction-no-196-kazuo-ishiguro.54. Annie Proulx, “The Art of Fiction No. 199,” interviewed by Christopher Cox, Paris Review, Spring 2009, http://www.theparisreview.org/interviews /5901/the-art-of- ction-no-199-annie-proulx.55. See David Stephen Calonne, “Creative Writers and Revision,” in Revision: History, Theory, and Practices, ed. Alice Horning and Anne Becker (West Lafayette, IN: Parlor Press, 2006), 163. Also see Suzanne Bost, “Messy Archives and Materials that Matter: Making Knowledge with the Gloria Evangelina Anzaldúa Papers,” PMLA 130 no. 3 (May 2015): 615–630.56. Philip Harris, “Morrison Lectures, Reads to Delighted Full House,” Phoenix, April 10, 2014, http://swarthmorephoenix.com/2014/04/10/toni -morrison-talks-invisible-ink/; see also Toni Morrison, “The Art of Fiction No. 134,” interviewed by Elissa Schappell, Paris Review, Fall 1993, http://www.theparisreview.org/interviews/1888/the-art-of- ction-no-134 -toni-morrison. Morrison’s papers at Princeton (not yet open to re- searchers, as of this writing) also reportedly contain around a hundred 31⁄2-inch diskettes as well as a handful of 51⁄4-inch  oppies dating from the late 1980s through the 1990s and containing chapter drafts in Word- Perfect for Jazz (1992), Playing in the Dark (1992), and Paradise (1997). Handwriting on the disks’ labels is that of both Morrison and her assistant (emails to the author from Allison L. Hughes, May–June 2015).57. Michael Ondaatje, interview with the author, April 10, 2012.58. See “Magic, Mystery, and Mayhem: An Interview with J. K. Rowling,”amazon.co.uk., accessed July 26, 2015, http://www.amazon.com/gp/feature .html?docId=6230; and Linda Richards, “J. K. Rowling,” January Magazine, accessed August 19, 2015, http://januarymagazine.com/pro les /jkrowling.html.59. Such was Gloria Anzaldúa’s practice, even after she began using a word processor. See Bost, “Messy Archives and Materials that Matter,” 622.60. George Steiner, “The Art of Criticism No. 2,” interviewed by Ronald A. Sharp, Paris Review, Winter 1995, http://www.theparisreview.org /interviews/1506/the-art-of-criticism-no-2-george-steiner.61. As documented in Mickiel Maandag’s “How iA Writer Is Reintroducing the Word Processor Category,” The Brand Bite (blog), December 26, 2011, http://www.thebrandbite.com/2011/12/26/how-ia-writer-is -reintroducing-the-word-processor-category/.62. See Isaacson, The Innovators: How a Group of Hackers, Geniuses, and Geeks Created the Digital Revolution (New York: Simon and Schuster,
Notes to Page 24 2632014) and Gleick, The Information: A History, a Theory, a Flood (New York: Pantheon, 2011). Scholarly histories fare somewhat better: Martin Campbell-Kelly covers word processing (albeit primarily from the market’s point of view) throughout his From Airline Reservations to Sonic the Hedgehog: A History of the Software Industry (Cambridge, MA: MIT Press, 2003). An especially important resource is a special issue of IEEE Annals of the History of Computing 28, no. 4 (October–December 2006), which contains articles from Thomas J. Bergin and Thomas Haigh, as well as a personal history from WordStar cofounder Seymour Rubinstein. In their introduction, Paul E. Ceruzzi and Burton Glad assert that “the true impact of the personal computer was that it allowed software, previously a labor-intensive and often customized activity sold to a limited number of customers, to become commoditized and mass-produced,” and they identify the two most signi cant software genres as spreadsheets and word processing, noting that VisiCalc and WordStar both debuted in 1979 (4). See also Ceruzzi’s A History of Modern Computing (Cambridge, MA: MIT Press, 2000). As of this writing, the only book-length scholarly history of word processing is in German: Till A. Heilmann, Textverarbei- tung: Eine Mediengeschichte des Computers als Schreibmaschine (Bielefeld, DE: Transcript Verlag, 2012). The book is based on Heilmann’s PhD thesis and spans the history of word processing at large, but with no particular emphasis on the literary.63. Ted Nelson, Geeks Bearing Gifts: How the Computer World Got This Way: Version 1.1 (Sausalito, CA: Mindful Press, 2009), 128.64. Jay David Bolter, Writing Space: The Computer, Hypertext, and the History of Writing (Hillsdale, NJ: Erlbaum, 1991), 66.65. The most complete history of hypertext (both as concept and as imple- mentation) is Belinda Barnet, Memory Machines: The Evolution of Hypertext (London: Anthem Press, 2013).66. Michael Joyce has said this many times, but here I quote from his Of Two Minds: Hypertext Pedagogy and Poetics (Ann Arbor: University of Michigan Press, 1995), 32.67. Works produced with HyperCard and Storyspace have been the subject of numerous scholarly studies over the past twenty- ve years or so. For accounts of Storyspace’s technical development, see Matthew Kirschen- baum, Mechanisms: New Media and the Forensic Imagination (Cam- bridge, MA: MIT Press, 2008); and Barnet, Memory Machines.68. The de nitive study of the form is Nick Montfort, Twisty Little Passages: An Approach to Interactive Fiction (Cambridge, MA: MIT Press, 2003).69. See Lori Emerson, Reading Writing Interfaces: From the Digital to the Bookbound (Minneapolis: University of Minnesota Press, 2014).
264 Notes to Pages 25-2870. The complete run of the Newsletter is available online via the ComPile .com database: http://comppile.org/archives/RWPN/RWPnewsletter.htm. The layouts and production values became more sophisticated, offering a kind of archaeology of the form.71. Bradford Morgan, interview with the author, October 16, 2014.72. University of Chicago Press, Chicago Guide to Preparing ElectronicManuscripts for Authors and Publishers (Chicago: University of ChicagoPress, 1983), 1.73. See the MLA Newsletter (Summer 1985), which contains articles on NotaBene throughout.74. See Mark McGurl, The Program Era: Postwar Fiction and the Rise ofCreative Writing (Cambridge, MA: Harvard University Press, 2009).75. See Doug Reside, “‘Last Modi ed January 1996’: The Digital History of RENT,” Theatre Survey 52, no. 2 (2011): 35–40; and Matthew Kirschen-baum and Doug Reside, “Tracking the Changes: Textual Scholarship and the Challenge of the Born Digital,” in The Cambridge Companion to Textual Scholarship, ed. Neil Fraistat and Julia Flanders (New York: Cambridge University Press, 2013), 257–273.76. For a case study, see Matthew Kirschenbaum, “Operating Systems of the Mind: Bibliography after Word Processing (The Example of Updike),” Papers of the Bibliographical Society of America 108, no. 4 (December 2014): 381–412.77. For example, Miriam O’Kane Mara’s “Nuala O’Faolin: New Departures in Textual and Genetic Criticism,” Irish Studies Review 21, no. 3 (2013): 342–352, makes a persuasive but ultimately speculative case for the importance of the digital manuscripts on O’Faolin’s hard drive (O’Kane Mara does not have access to the  les herself).78. See Sven Birkerts, The Gutenberg Elegies: The Fate of Reading in an Electronic Age (New York: Faber and Faber, 1994), 229.79. Sven Birkerts, “Reading in a Digital Age: Notes on Why the Novel and the Internet Are Opposites, and Why the Latter Both Undermines the Former and Makes It More Necessary,” in The Edge of the Precipice: Why Read Literature in the Digital Age?, ed. Paul Socken (Montreal: McGill- Queen’s University Press, 2013), Kindle loc. 668.80. On May 21, 2013, Oates tweeted that “word-processing allows for obsessive Mobius-strip revision, as the typewriter never did. Rewriting of rewriting. Return to p. 1. Repeat.”81. John Barth, “The Art of Fiction No. 86,” interviewed by George Plimpton, Paris Review, Spring 1985, http://www.theparisreview.org/interviews/2910 /the-art-of- ction-no-86-john-barth.82. Friedrich Kittler, Gramophone, Film, Typewriter, trans. Geoffrey Winthrop-Young (Stanford, CA: Stanford University Press, 1999), 216.
Notes to Pages 28-30 26583. Gabrielle Dean (Sheridan Libraries, Johns Hopkins University), personal email to the author, September 2, 2014.84. Hugh Kenner, Heath/Zenith Z-100 User’s Guide (Bowie, MD: Brady Communications Co., 1984), vi. For Kenner’s interest in computer- generated poetry, see Charles O. Hartman, Virtual Muse: Experiments in Computer Poetry (Hannover, NH: University Press of New England, 1996). (The book is obviously named in relation to Kenner’s own title, The Mechanic Muse.)85. For one discussion of such views, see Bruce J. Hunt, “Lines of Force, Swirls of Ether,” in From Energy to Information: Representation in Science and Technology, Art, and Literature, ed. Bruce Clarke and Laura Dalrymple Henderson (Stanford, CA: Stanford University Press, 2002), 99–113. Hunt’s essay focuses on the theories of Irish physicists George Francis FitzGerald and Oliver J. Lodge, both of whom built on James Clerk Maxwell’s work on electromagnetic  elds.86. Daniel Chandler, The Act of Writing: A Media Theory Approach (Aberystwyth: University of Wales, 1995), 133.87. Even if an author delivered an electronic  le to a publisher, it was often still the norm to rekey it. John B. Thompson enumerates a number of reasons this was so: many authors didn’t follow the press’s formatting instructions; “many authors who had grown up on typewriters didn’t differentiate between the letter O and zero 0, between hyphens and en-dashes, and so on”; and many authors continued revising on hard copy even after delivery of the digital  le—he quotes a rule of thumb that if there were more than eight to ten corrections per page, rekeying was more ef cient than making the corrections piecemeal. See Thompson, Books in the Digital Age: The Transformation of Academic and Higher Education Publishing in Britain and the United States (Cambridge, MA: Polity Press, 2005), 407.88. Frederick Pohl, another proli c science  ction author who used WordStar well past its prime (through 2008), relied on the expertise of longtime fan Dick Smith to keep the software running for him. Pohl dedicated his last novel, All the Lives He Led (2011), to Smith.89. Peters, “Writing,” 4.90. Though liberally reproduced around the Web, this text is currentlyunavailable from its most widely addressed location on Stephenson’s own personal website: http://www.nealstephenson.com/content/author _colophon.htm. I reference it instead from http://wiki.zibet.net/wiki.pl /Neal_Stephenson. Stephenson has also con rmed the particulars of his process in several interviews reprinted in Some Remarks: Essays and Other Writing (New York: William Morrow, 2012), noting in particular that the LISP program “was nasty and tedious, but in the end reasonably
266 Notes to Pages 31-34satisfying” (31). In a separate interview therein he indicates that Crypto- nomicon (1999) was the last book he wrote directly on the computer and that he switched over to longhand because he found it often helped him when he was blocked. Plus, he says, “I like the fact that it never crashes, you can’t lose your work” (262).91. For example, Jonathan Franzen, “Liking Is for Cowards: Go for What Hurts,” New York Times, May 28, 2011, http://www.nytimes.com/2011/05 /29/opinion/29franzen.html?pagewanted=all&_r=0.92. Jonathan Franzen, “Scavenging,” in Tolstoy’s Dictaphone: Technology and the Muse, ed. Sven Birkerts (Saint Paul, MN: Graywolf Press, 1996), 12–13.93. Nicholson Baker, “The Art of Fiction No. 212,” interviewed by Sam Anderson, Paris Review, Fall 2011, http://www.theparisreview.org /interviews/6097/the-art-of- ction-no-212-nicholson-baker.2. Perfect1. “Screening Process Is Paper Chase,” New York Times, March 20, 1981, http://www.nytimes.com/1981/03/20/opinion/topics-screening-processis -paper-chase-paper-chase.html.2. Ironically, the name WordPerfect was initially unpopular with the company’s employees. Cofounder W. E. Pete Peterson stuck with it, though—not only for its resonance with “letter-perfect” (an established printing idiom) but because it really did sound, well, . . . perfect. “It was so positive sounding it made any criticism seem untrue,” he writes. See Peterson, AlmostPerfect: How a Bunch of Regular Guys Built Word- Perfect Corporation (Rocklin, CA: Prima, 1998), Kindle loc. 571.3. Jonathan Sterne has pointed out to me that the trope “perfect” is likely generalizable to other areas of media and computation; he notes its centrality to electronic music systems and software such as Synclavier and Fairlight as well as Performer and ProTools. “You can  nd musicians talking about perfectionism in the 1980s in the same exact way that writers are” (email to the author, March 23, 2013).4. Walter A. Kleinschrod, Word Processing: An AMA Management Brie ng (New York: Amacom, 1974), 4.5. Thomas J. Anderson and William R. Trotter, Word Processing (New York: Amacom, 1974), 10.6. Thomas Haigh, “Remembering the Of ce of the Future: The Origins of Word Processing and Of ce Automation,” IEEE Annals of the History of Computing 28, no. 4 (October–December 2006): 10.
Notes to Pages 34-37 2677. Ivan Flores, Word Processing Handbook (New York: Van Nostrand Reinhold, 1983), 5.8. See Cornelius E. DeLoca and Samuel Jay Kalow, The Romance Division: A Different Side of IBM (Wyckoff, NJ: D & K Book Co., 1991), 88; Kleinschrod, Word Processing; Anderson and Trotter, Word Processing.9. Kleinschrod, Word Processing, 4.10. Training Manual 1, IBM Magnetic Tape Selectric Typewriter Model II/Basic Model IV (IBM Of ce Products Division), i.11. Anderson and Trotter, Word Processing, 19.12. Russell Baker, “Sunday Observer: Computer Fallout,” New York Times,October 11, 1987, http://www.nytimes.com/1987/10/11/magazine/sunday -observer-computer-fallout.html. The piece is clever in that it proceeds through progressive revisions of that opening line (not unlike the parlor game Telephone) until we arrive at the closing sentence: “Since it is easier to revise and edit with a computer than with a typewriter or pencil, this amazing machine makes it very hard to stop editing and revising long enough to write a readable sentence, much less an entire newspaper column.”13. Peter J. Bailey, “ ‘A Hat where There Never Was a Hat’: Stanley Elkin’s Fifteenth Interview,” Review of Contemporary Fiction 15, no. 2 (1995): 15–26.14. John Updike, “Where Money and Energy Gather: A Writer’s View of a Computer Laboratory,” in Research Directions in Computer Science: An MIT Perspective, ed. Albert R. Meyer et al. (Cambridge, MA: MIT Press, 1991), np.15. Jeffrey Elliot, “Around the Worlds in 80 Ways (Starring Larry Niven),” Writer’s Digest, January 1980, 47.16. This story is related in Sir Sidney Colvin, John Keats: His Life and Poetry, Friends, Critics and Afterfame (London: Macmillan, 1917). Colvin states the provenance as “the late B. W. Richardson, professing to quote ver- batim . . . from Mr. Stephens’ own statement to him in conversation” (176).17. Peter A. McWilliams, The Word Processing Book: A Short Course in Computer Literacy (New York: Ballantine Books, 1983), 23.18. As we will see in Chapter 7, the gendered pronouns of this sentence are intentional.19. John Barth, “Virtuality,” Johns Hopkins Magazine (1994), http://pages.jh .edu/~jhumag/994web/culture1.html.20. Ibid.21. Ronald John Donovan, “Writing Made Easier with Personal Computers,”Writer’s Digest, September 1982, 33–42. The letter to the editor appears in the October issue, p. 6.
268 Notes to Pages 37-4122. Ray Hammond, The Writer and the Word Processor (London: Coronet, 1984), 13.23. Karen Ray, “The Secret Life of My Computer,” Writer’s Digest, October 1984, 7.24. Gish Jen, “My Muse Was an Apple Computer,” New York Times, October 9, 2011, 9–10.25. Anne Fadiman, Ex Libris: Confessions of a Common Reader (New York: Farrar, Straus and Giroux, 1998), 101.26. Jen, “My Muse.”27. Fritz Leiber, The Silver Eggheads (New York: Ballantine Books, 1961).Leiber is shrewd enough to understand that while such anxieties about the automation of  ction writing might make for a good story, they are also part of a much longer tradition of romanticizing authors as creative geniuses. “Writers have been stealing the credit from wordmill-programmers for a century,” one of his characters exclaims. “And before that they stole it from editors!” (77).28. Michael Frayn, The Tin Men (Glasgow: William Collins Sons, 1965).29. Most notably Raymond Queneau’s 1961 Cent Mille Milliards de Poèmes,which permitted the titular number of sonnets to be constructed from ten bound sheets scored with fourteen lines apiece. For the Lem story, see Stanislaw Lem, A Perfect Vacuum (Evanston, IL: Northwestern Univer- sity Press, 1999), 96–101.30. See Calvino, If on a Winter’s Night a Traveler, trans. William Weaver (San Diego: Harcourt Brace Jovanovich, 1982). The novel was originally published in Italian in 1979. In 1983 Calvino selected this episode to read from while lecturing in New York City, the center of the American publishing world. See Herbert Mitgang, “Books,” New York Times, May 1, 1983, http://www.nytimes.com/1983/05/01/books/reading-and-writing -fabulous-traveler.html.31. Arthur C. Clarke, “The Steam-Powered Word Processor,” Analog, September 1986, 175–179.32. Ibid., 179.33. See J. Michael Straczynski, “Brave New Words,” Pro les, May–June 1984, 40.34. John Varley, “The Unprocessed Word,” in Blue Champagne (New York:Ace, 1986), 212.35. Ibid., 224.36. Jonathan Swift, Gulliver’s Travels into Several Remote Nations of the World (1726; Project Gutenberg, 2009), http://www.gutenberg.org/ebooks /829?msg=welcome_stranger. Emphasis added.37. By 1995 a science  ction author named David Langford had completed the permutation with “The Net of Babel,” the inevitable rewrite for the
Notes to Pages 41-43 269digital age. See Langford, “The Net of Babel,” in The Best of Interzone,ed. David Pringle (London: HarperCollins, 1997).38. Robert Lekachman, “Virtuous Men and Perfect Weapons,” New YorkTimes, July 27, 1986, http://www.nytimes.com/1986/07/27/books/virtuous-men-and-perfect-weapons.html.39. WordStar was initially designed to run on the CP/M operating system, butit could be used on Apple machines with a specialized piece of hardware called a SoftCard—so there is a valid explanation for Dr. Ryan’s setup. That said, it seems equally likely that Clancy was knowingly or unknow- ingly exercising his creative license by simply commingling what would have been two highly recognizable products.40. Clancy discussed computers regularly in his personal correspondence with his collaborator Larry Bond—for example, letters dated January 6, 1983, and December 4, 1983.41. Lynn Neary, “Tom Clancy Dies, Left ‘Indelible Mark’ on Thriller Genre,” NPR, October 2, 2013, http://www.npr.org/2013/10/02/228485169/tom -clancy-dies-left-indelible-mark-on-thriller-genre.42. For examples of the “Word Processor” moniker, see http://www.timeslive .co.za/lifestyle/2010/02/07/the-word-processor and http://moneyweek.com /pro le-james-patterson-alex-cross-47137/.43. For an account of what it is like to write with Patterson, see Charles McGrath, “An Author’s Collaborator Goes It Alone,” New York Times, May 4, 2009, http://www.nytimes.com/2009/05/05/books/05dejo.html? _r=0.44. “James Patterson’s Best-Selling Thrillers,” YouTube video, posted by Sunrise on 7, December 28, 2012, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v =GhtcCST0dU0.45. See Jonathan Mahler, “James Patterson Inc.,” New York Times Magazine, January 20, 2010, http://www.nytimes.com/2010/01/24/magazine /24patterson-t.html.46. Time quoted in “Blockbuster Author Who Churns Out Potboilers—And Rakes in 40M a Year,” MoneyWeek, January 28, 2010, http://moneyweek .com/pro le-james-patterson-alex-cross-47137/.47. The statistics and other facts and details in this paragraph are drawn from Mahler, “James Patterson Inc.” See also Forbes’s reporting on Patterson’s sales and earnings: “The World’s Highest-Paid Celebrities,” Forbes, June 29, 2015, http://www.forbes.com/pro le/james-patterson/.48. Mahler, “James Patterson Inc.”49. For an overview of these changes, see “Results for: Publishing-industry” atAnswers.com, accessed August 19, 2015, http://www.answers.com/topic /publishing-industry. See also Beth Luey, “The Organization of the Book
270 Notes to Pages 43-45Publishing Industry,” and Laura J. Miller, “Selling the Product,” both inThe Enduring Book: Print Culture in Postwar America; A History of the Book in America, vol. 5, ed. David Paul Nord, Joan Shelley Rubin, and Michael Schudson (Chapel Hill: University of North Carolina Press, 2009), 29–54, 91–106.50. Patterson himself champions independent bookstores. See his author website for details about his ongoing activities in support of them, http:// w w w. j a m e s p a t t e r s o n . c o m / b o o k s e l l e r s /.51. Jason Epstein, Book Business: Publishing Past, Present, and Future (New York: Norton, 2002), 33.52. Gore Vidal, “In Love with the Adverb,” New York Review of Books, March 29, 1984, http://www.nybooks.com/articles/archives/1984/mar/29 /in-love-with-the-adverb/.53. Ibid.54. Ibid.55. Mahler, “James Patterson Inc.” See also Edward Morris, “James Patterson:A Jester on Crusade,” BookPage, March 2003, http://bookpage.com/interviews/8183-james-patterson#.VPxlwS6K0-2.56. Edwin McDowell, “ ‘No Problem’ Machine Poses a Presidential Problem,”New York Times, March 24, 1981.57. Automation was indeed a source of anxiety for much of the literaryestablishment. But by the second half of the 1950s its creative possibilities were embraced by practitioners who were programming mainframe computers to generate text using aleatory operations. Experiments with the form have been ongoing ever since. Computer-generated poetry would have gained the public’s general attention in 1962 in an article in Time magazine entitled “The Pocketa, Pocketa School” (it featured the output of a so-called “Auto-Beatnik” computer). For the most complete account of this early history, see Christopher T. Funkhouser, “First-Generation Poetry Generators: Establishing Foundations in Form,” in Mainframe Experimentalism: Early Computing and the Foundations of the Digital Arts, ed. Hannah B. Higgins and Douglas Kahn (Berkeley: University of California Press, 2012), 243–265.58. Brian Kunde, “A Brief History of Word Processing (through 1986),” December 1986, http://web.stanford.edu/~bkunde/fb-press/articles /wdprhist.html.59. Hammond, Writer and the Word Processor, 16.60. Carolyn Guyer, “Along the Estuary,” in Tolstoy’s Dictaphone: Technologyand the Muse, ed. Sven Birkerts (St. Paul, MN: Graywolf Press, 1996), 158.61. Many have noted that today all media converge in digital form, owing tothe supposed universalism of binary representation (ones and zeros), but it
Notes to Pages 45-47 271is also worth remembering how differently from one another words and images behave—even in digital form. Consider, for example, the differ- ence between a PDF  le that comes to you as a page scan (that is, an actual image) and one that contains machine-readable text that is subject to search and other forms of string-based manipulation. Despite their underlying binary composition, these two formats behave very differently for the end-user.62. “My goal at the time was ‘to do to things what light does to them,’ a verse by the French poet Guillevic,” Codrescu continued, speaking on NPR (“The Kaypro II: An Early Computer with a Writer’s Heart,” sound  le, NPR, September 16, 2014, http://www.npr.org/blogs/alltechconsidered /2014/09/16/349027131/the-kaypro-ii-an-early-computer-with-a-writers -heart).63. John Updike, “A Soft Spring Night in Shillington,” New Yorker, December 24, 1984, 37.64. See Sean Cubitt, The Practice of Light: A Genealogy of Visual Technolo- gies from Prints to Pixels (Cambridge, MA: MIT Press, 2014), 103.65. Russell Banks, “The Art of Fiction No. 152,” interviewed by Robert Faggen, Paris Review, Summer 1998, http://www.theparisreview.org /interviews/1104/the-art-of- ction-no-152-russell-banks.66. Richard Abowitz, “Still Digging: A William Gass Interview,” Gad y, December 1998, http://www.gad yonline.com/archive/December98 /archive-gass.html.67. J. D. Reed and Jeanne North, “Plugged-In Prose,” Time, August 10, 1981.68. Tom Johnson, “Four for the Future,” Writer’s Digest, April 1981, 25.69. “Michael Crichton on the Coming Computer Revolution,” YouTube video, 8:28, televised on the Merv Grif n Show in 1983, posted by“Merv Grif n Show,” December 12, 2012, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TtYvQvkUp0A.70. See Daniel Chandler, “The Phenomenology of Writing by Hand,”Intelligent Tutoring Media 3 (May–August 1992): 65–74.71. Flores, Word Processing Handbook, 7.72. Ibid.73. Andrew Johnston has detailed the pervasiveness of the search forreal-time control over a variety of twentieth-century media forms, such as the rendering of computer graphics in  lm and the digital arts. See Johnston, “Models of Code and the Digital Architecture of Time,” Discourse: Journal for Theoretical Studies in Media and Culture (forthcoming, 2015).74. Tom Johnson, “Four for the Future,” 25.
272 Note to Page 4775. In fact this freedom of action has remained elusive, as software’s con- tinued reliance on modes (see the Introduction) demonstrates. Yet at a more fundamental level, even the very process of getting letterformsto display on the screen required enormous forethought and years of dedicated effort. A former Lexitron engineer writes the following, which gives some sense of the complexities involved; it is worth quoting at length because it is representative of the engineering challenges around CRT technology in the early 1970s:The scheme for getting characters on the screen in this environment was therefore somewhat messy. We wanted a full-page life-size display. That meant a big screen with lots of characters. We had a CRT custom made with electrostatic de ection plates, and also a place for a de ection yoke. The idea was that the yoke would scan the beam in a coarse raster, one scan line for each line of text. The plates would diddle the beam around to form each character at the proper location. All you had to do was generate X, Y, and Z (intensity) signals.The  rst attempt used a sort of analog ROM, invented and built by a professor at Caltech, whose name I have since forgotten. The heart of the unit was a delay line. It was a transmission line where the center conductor was  at, and was placed between two  at shield conductors. The 3 plates were roughly 6-inches square. In order to slow down the speed of propagation, the center conductor was actually a coil wound around a  at sheet of ferrite. Imagine placing a  at conductor, perhaps 1⁄4-inch to 1⁄2-inch wide between the center and one shield. It will pick up a signal when you send a pulse down the delay line. Now imagine splitting this strip of conductor with a narrow gap, and letting the gap wander back and forth on both sides of center. If you look at the voltage between the two pieces with a differential ampli er, you will get a signal that varies according to the position of the gap at the time the pulse comes by on the center conductor. Three such stripes will yield X, Y, and Z signals, and if the gap is carefully placed, will paint a character on the screen. The shield and stripes are conveniently made from a pc board. Obviously, one such assembly can have a number of such groups of stripes, and they can be on both sides of the center coil, but the number of characters that will  t is less than the ASCII character set. So, the complete generator needs several of these stacks of plates and coils. The whole thing was clamped together but thick aluminum plates with bolts at the corners, and ended up about 2 or inches thick.
Notes to Pages 48-50 273Getting the meandering gap right is a slow and tedious process, with the professor delivering a new layer of characters every few weeks. So, our  rst demo had to be done using about 1/2 of the alphabet. Fortunately, it was the lower half, so we had a few vowels to work with, but it took hours to come up with a reasonably normal looking sentence.The characters generated this way looked pretty good—until you got a bunch on the screen. Then the little inaccuracies became really noticeable. It looked sort of like a really badly aligned type-bar typewriter, or perhaps the printed scrawl of a 4-year-old. Some of the characters were a little high, some a little low, some a little twisted, etc. (Ed Kelm, email to the author, December 31, 2011)76. Friedrich Kittler, “There Is No Software,” in Electronic Culture: Tech- nology and Visual Representation, ed. Timothy Druckrey (Denville, NJ: Aperture, 1996), 331–337.77. Ibid., 332.78. Jacques Derrida, “Word Processor,” in Paper Machine, trans. RachelBowlby (Stanford, CA: Stanford University Press, 1995), 22.79. Louis Simpson, “Poetry and Word Processing: One or the Other, but NotBoth,” New York Times, January 3, 1988, http://www.nytimes.com/1988 /01/03/books/poetry-and-word-processing-one-or-the-other-but-not-both .html; Derrida, “The Word Processor,” 24.80. Buckley wrote, “To accept Simpson’s thesis is to suppose that writers (and poets) always feel that the language of the moment is lapidary.” See William F. Buckley Jr., “Out, Out Luddites: Word Processors Are for Poets, Too,” Philly.com, January 21, 1988, http://articles.philly.com/1988 -01-21/news/26282435_1_word-processor-poets-louis-simpson. Simpson also drew a thoughtful response from Judson Jerome in Writer’s Digest, who includes a sidebar pointing out that new thesaurus programs just coming onto the market could help a poet  nd matches to the sound of particular words. See Jerome, “Processing Poetry,” Writer’s Digest, December 1988, 10.81. See Vilém Flusser, Does Writing Have a Future?, trans. Nancy Ann Roth (Minneapolis: University of Minnesota Press, 2011).82. Ibid., 11–21.83. Ibid., 13.84. Anne Rice’s Facebook page, posted September 25, 2011, https://www.facebook.com/annericefanpage/posts/10150391869805452. This is one of a number of places where Rice cites the Osborne 1 and WordStar. See also December 26, 2011, on Facebook, for example. However, in an interview
274 Notes to Pages 50-55with Don Swaim, recorded October 30, 1985, she mentions also having something called an Apricot, a “wonderful English computer.” Apricot was indeed a British company making PC and Macintosh clones during the 1980s. See Swaim, “Audio Interviews with Anne Rice,” Wired for Books, October 30, 1985, sound  le, http://www.wiredforbooks.org/annerice/.85. Don Swaim, “Audio Interviews with Anne Rice.”86. Stanley Wiater, “Anne Rice,” Writer’s Digest, November 1988, 41.87. Ibid.88. Ibid. The statement is perhaps more than just a throwaway. In remarksposted to her website on August 20, 2003, Rice again invokes the lan- guage of perfection in relation to her composition process, including why she stopped taking comments from her editor: “I felt that I could not bring to perfection what I saw unless I did it alone.” See http://www .annerice.com/sh_MessagesBeach2.htm.3. Around 19811. “Last Word for the Word Processor,” Economist, July 25, 1981, 62. Exactly how that impressive  gure was determined is not disclosed.2. Len Deighton, “Foreword,” in Hammond, The Writer and the Word Processor (London: Coronet, 1984), 4.3. J. D. Reed and Jeanne North, “Plugged-In Prose,” Time, August 10, 1981.4. Richard Krajewski, “A Writer’s Guide to Word-Processing Software,”Writer’s Digest, September 1983, 40, 42, 52–59.5. Whole Earth Software Catalog, ed. Stewart Brand (New York: Quantum /Doubleday, 1984), 2.6. For Bukowski and his Macintosh, see Jed Birmingham, “Charles Bu-kowski, William Burroughs, and the Computer,” RealityStudio, Sep- tember 11, 2009, http://realitystudio.org/bibliographic-bunker/charles -bukowski-william-burroughs-and-the-computer/.7. Charles Bukowski, “16-Bit Intel 8088 Chip,” Aileron 6, no. 1 (1985).8. Steven Levy, quoted in Whole Earth Software Catalog, 46.9. Judy Grahn, email to the author, January 2, 2012.10. See Alexis C. Madrigal, “The Time Exxon Went Into the Semiconductor Business (and Failed),” Atlantic, May 17, 2013, http://www.theatlantic.com /technology/archive/2013/05/the-time-exxon-went-into-the-semiconductor -business-and-failed/275993/.11. Grahn, email to the author, January 2, 2012.12. Frederic Golden, quoted in John A. Meyers, “A Letter from the Pub-lisher,” Time, January 3, 1983, 3.
Notes to Pages 56-59 27513. In “I Am a Signpost,” Isaac Asimov reports that he was initially ap- proached by the editors of Byte, which Popular Computing was associated with under its original name, onComputing. See Asimov, “I Am a Sign- post,” in The Roving Mind (1983; repr., Amherst, NY: Prometheus Books 1997), Kindle loc. 331–333.14. Scripsit was soon to be superseded by a successor program, Super- Scripsit. Though Asimov wasn’t bothered by its limitations—he took comfort in them—some of his colleagues felt differently. Stephen Kimmel expresses his disappointment at discovering that the program was incapable of underlining, for example: “I discovered the de ciencies of Scripsit about halfway through chapter 15 of my third novel Lord of High Places,” he begins, writing in a special issue of the magazine Creative Computing that was devoted to printers and word processing (SuperScripsit remedied this problem). See Kimmel, “Improving on Scripsit,” Creative Computing 7, no. 7 (July 1981): 28. Other popular choices for the TRS-80 at the time included Electric Pencil (the descendent of perhaps the earliest word processor ever written for a personal computer) and Lazy Writer.15. Ray Bradbury, “Another Computer De nition,” in Digital Deli, ed. Steve Ditlea (New York: Workman, 1984), 201.16. Asimov, “The Word-Processor and I,” in The Roving Mind, Kindle loc. 334.17. Ibid.18. Ibid., 335.19. Ibid.20. Ibid., 336.21. Ibid.22. Ibid.23. Isaac Asimov, “A Question of Speed,” in The Roving Mind, Kindle loc.338.24. Ibid., 337.25. Ibid., 338.26. Ibid.27. Ibid., 339.28. Isaac Asimov, I, Asimov: A Memoir (New York: Bantam, 1994), 473.29. Ibid., 474.30. Ibid.31. Asimov, “A Question of Speed,” 339.32. See Edwin McDowell, “Publishing: Top Sellers among Books of 1984,”New York Times, January 18, 1985, http://www.nytimes.com/1985/01/18 /books/publishing-top-sellers-among-books-of-1984.html.
276 Notes to Pages 60-6233. Douglas E. Winter, Stephen King: The Art of Darkness (New York: Plume, 1986), 139–142.34. Ibid., 141–142.35. Stephen King, “Synopsis: The Talisman,” Peter Straub Papers, FalesLibrary, New York University, August 24, 1983.36. Peter Straub, interview with the author, May 11, 2012.37. Ibid.38. Ibid. Straub said of Floating Dragon: “So the manuscript is very strange.The  rst two thirds have staples and glue and the last third was a veryclean looking pile of pages.”39. Ibid.40. Michael Schumacher, “Ghost Storyteller,” Writer’s Digest, January 1985, 32–34.41. Cornelius E. DeLoca and Samuel Jay Kalow, The Romance Division: A Different Side of IBM (Wyckoff, NJ: D & K Book Co., 1991), 197–198. IBM had followed the MT/ST with the MC/ST in 1969, which stored data on magnetic cards instead of magnetic tape. The  rst IBM word processor with a screen of any sort (known as the Of ce Systems/6) meanwhile debuted in 1977 and displayed only six lines of text. Intrigu- ingly, according to DeLoca and Kalow, one argument for thus con- straining the display was that six lines approximated a typist’s view of a page as their sheet of paper curled behind the platen, bent by its own weight (173). This extremely literal remediation of typewriting suggests that full-screen WYSIWYG (of the sort that was even then being pioneered with the Bravo Editor at Xerox PARC—see Chapter 6) was more of a conceptual departure from simply emulating paper than is typically acknowledged.42. See William Zinsser, Writing with a Word Processor (New York: Harper and Row, 1983). Zinsser, who positions himself as a “mechanical boob” (xiii), hits all of the now-familiar notes in his personal journey withthe Displaywriter, from his initial skepticism about word processing, to apprehension about trying out different systems in the showroom, to taking it home, setting it up, initial frustration, and then breakthrough and rapturous conversion.43. Bruce Feirstein, email to the author, January 13, 2012.44. Marina Endicott, email to the author, February 1, 2012.45. Michael Schumacher, “Processing The Talisman,” Writer’s Digest, January1985, 32.46. Ibid.47. Peter Straub, interview with the author, May 11, 2012.48. Ibid.
Notes to Pages 62-67 27749. Letter, Stephen King to Peter Straub, Peter Straub Papers, August 2, 1983.50. For details of Tan’s early life and career, see E. D. Huntley, Amy Tan: A Critical Companion (Westport, CT: Greenwood Press, 1998), 1–10.51. Amy Tan (@AmyTan), tweet to the author (@mkirschenbaum), May 16, 2012.52. Ibid., October 16, 2014.53. Ibid., May 16, 2012, 9:21 p.m.54. Sales records indicate that Ellison bought his  rst Osborne 1 on January 8,1982; see Adam Bradley, Ralph Ellison in Progress (New Haven, CT: Yale University Press, 2010), 217. Chabon also bought his Osborne 1 in 1982 (email to the author, December 26, 2011).55. Andrei Codrescu, “The Kaypro II: An Early Computer with a Writer’s Heart,” NPR, September 16, 2014, http://www.npr.org/blogs /alltechconsidered/2014/09/16/349027131/the-kaypro-ii-an-early -computer-with-a-writers-heart.56. Amy Tan (@AmyTan), tweet to the author (@mkirschenbaum), May 16, 2012.57. Robert Foothorap, interview with the author, October 18, 2014.58. Ben Fong-Torres, “Good Things from Bad Sector: Re ections of aSmall-Is-Beautiful Users’ Group,” Pro les 2, no. 6 (1985): 46–49. Other frequent Pro les contributors included  ction writers Robert J. Sawyer, David Gerrold, and Ted Chiang.59. Fong-Torres, “Good Things from Bad Sector,” 46.60. Ibid., 48.61. Ibid.62. Whole Earth Software Catalog, 55.63. Fong-Torres, “Good Things from Bad Sector,” 48.64. Ibid.65. Amy Tan (@AmyTan), tweet to the author (@mkirschenbaum), October 16,2014.66. One of her last projects for IBM was entitled Telecommunications andYou; sometimes erroneously described as a mere “pamphlet,” in fact this illustrated treatise of some 150 pages re ects substantial knowledge of that industry.67. Robert Foothorap, interview with the author, October 18, 2014.68. Amy Tan (@AmyTan), tweet to the author, May 16, 2012, 9:21 a.m.69. Fong-Torres, “Good Things from Bad Sector,” 48.70. Arthur C. Clarke, 2010: Odyssey Two (New York: Ballantine Books, 1982),291.71. Arthur C. Clarke and Peter Hyams, The Odyssey File (London: PantherBooks, 1984), xiii.
278 Notes to Pages 67-7372. Ibid.73. Ibid., xiv–xv.74. Ibid., xvi.75. See David H. Rothman, The Silicon Jungle (New York: Ballantine Books,1985), 249–270.76. Clarke and Hyams, The Odyssey File, xix.77. David H. Rothman offers additional details of the ordeal required toestablish the link, which included a contingency whereby a backup copy of one version of the modem software would be hand-delivered to Clarke by the wife of an American diplomatic attaché in Colombo. See The Silicon Jungle, 258–259.78. Clarke and Hyams, The Odyssey File, xx–xxi.79. Ibid., 10.80. Ibid., 31.81. Ibid., 27.82. Ibid., 37.83. Ibid., 49.84. Ibid., xxv.85. Arthur C. Clarke, quoted in Rothman, The Silicon Jungle, 45.86. Neil McAleer, Sir Arthur C. Clarke: Odyssey of a Visionary; A Biography(New York: Rosetta Books, 2013), Kindle loc. 5691.87. Ibid., “Foreword” by Ray Bradbury.88. Ibid., Kindle loc. 6571.89. Codrescu, “The Kaypro II.”90. Robin Perry, letter to the editor, Writer’s Digest, May 1981, 6. Perry hadauthored a “Writer’s Guide to Word Processors” feature for the magazinethe previous month and is here responding to readers.91. Curt Suplee, “Tapping at the Chamber Door,” PC Magazine, May 29,1984, 250.92. Ibid., 251.93. Edmund White, City Boy: My Life in New York during the 1960s and ’70s (New York: Bloomsbury, 2009), 198–199.94. Harold Brodkey, “The Art of Fiction No. 126,” interviewed by James Linville, Paris Review, Winter 1991, http://www.theparisreview.org /interviews/2128/the-art-of- ction-no-126-harold-brodkey.95. Ibid.96. James Fallows, interview with the author, April 24, 2012.97. Michael Chabon, “On The Mysteries of Pittsburgh,” New York Review ofBooks, June 9, 2005, http://www.nybooks.com/articles/archives/2005/jun/09/on-the-mysteries-of-pittsburgh/.98. Ibid.99. Ibid.
Notes to Pages 74-77 279 4. North of Boston1. For all of its notoriety, there is no authoritative source for the exact model of King’s Wang, aside from relying on visual identi cation. Besides the Krementz photograph, however, the System 5 is clearly visible (and identi able) in several shots from a 1982 documentary  lmed by Harry Nevison for the University of Maine at Orono, King’s alma mater. (It has been adorned with an “I [Heart] My Wang” bumper sticker; see “Stephen King: ‘I Sleep with the Lights On,’” Henry Nevison Productions, em- bedded Vimeo video, 25:04, posted October 25, 2013, http://henry nevisonproductions.com/stephen-king-i-sleep-with-the-lights-on/.) George Beahm also correctly identi es the word processor as a Wang System 5— see Beahm, Stephen King from A to Z: An Encyclopedia of His Life and Work (Kansas City, MO: Andrews McMeel, 1998), 240—but he does not indicate his source for this information. Writer’s Digest, meanwhile, calls it a “System 3” (Michael Schumacher, “Processing The Talisman,” January 1985, 32), but the journalist is almost certainly con ating it with the System 5 Model 3, which was the product’s full name. (There was no “Wang System 3.” There was a System 30, but it was a multiterminal computer.)2. Kevin Kopelson, Neatness Counts: Essays on the Writer’s Desk (Minnea- polis: University of Minnesota Press, 2004), 13.3. Jill Krementz, The Writer’s Desk (New York: Random House, 1996), viii.4. See Sarah Weinman, “Publishers Lunch,” People (blog), October 17, 2012, http://lunch.publishersmarketplace.com/2012/10/people-94/.5. Krementz, The Writer’s Desk, 75.6. As recounted in an appearance on Bob LeDrew, “A Peek Inside the Of cewith Marsha DeFilippo,” podcast, The King Cast, January 23, 2011, http://thekingcast.ca/site/?p=129.7. Stephen King, quoted in Beahm, Stephen King from A to Z, 240.8. Stephen King, Skeleton Crew (New York: Putnam, 1985), 20–21.9. The Playboy printing of the story was accompanied by a full-page colordrawing depicting a hand poised over the Delete key. There are numerous minor variants—what textual critics what call “accidentals”—between the two published versions. We can surmise that King took advantage of the existence of a digital copy of the text to freely revise it for inclusion in the subsequent Skeleton Crew collection.10. By “realist manner” I mean as compared to the speculative or abstract renditions of writing machines we have previously encountered in science  ction from authors such as Leiber and Lem or the satires of Calvino and Frayn. In King’s story, by contrast, the reader would be able to recognize
280 Notes to Pages 78-85actual brand names, keyboard commands, and functions of a consumer-grade word processor.11. King, “Word Processor of the Gods,” in Skeleton Crew, 307. Subsequentpage numbers are given parenthetically in the text.12. Jim Hargrove, Dr. An Wang: Computer Pioneer (Chicago: Children’s Press,1993), 101.13. 2 Corinthians 3:6.14. Walter J. Ong, Orality and Literary: The Technologizing of the Word(London: Routledge, 1982), 75.15. The poem is “The Study.”16. Michael Heim, Electric Language: A Philosophical Study of WordProcessing (New Haven, CT: Yale University Press, 1987), 138.17. See Hawthorne’s introductory essay to The Scarlet Letter, “The Custom-House” (1850).18. See D. H. Lawrence, Studies in Classic American Literature (New York:Penguin, 1990).19. Stephen King, Dreamcatcher: A Novel (New York: Scribner, 2001), Kindleloc. 10007.20. Stephen King, On Writing: A Memoir of the Craft (New York: PocketBooks, 2000), 101.21. See Stephen King’s author website, http://stephenking.com/the_of ce.html.22. The source for this text is the virtual “letter” displayed on the virtual“computer” one accesses by navigating the recesses of King’s onlinevirtual “of ce” at http://stephenking.com/the_of ce.html.23. See http://www.stephenking.com/forums/showthread.php/13698-Writing-Program.24. The Wangwriter II was a stand-alone CP/M-based system introduced inlate 1981 and intended as something of a competitor to the IBM PC. Updike almost always refers to it as a “word processor,” rarely as a “Wang,” and to my knowledge he never speci cally identi es it as a Wangwriter II. However, it is recognizable as such in a 1987 photo by Nancy Crampton that was  rst published in the May 8, 2014, issue of the New York Review of Books in a review of Begley’s biography, Updike (New York: Harper, 2014); additionally, Leslie Morris of the Houghton Library informs me she has seen an invoice of Updike’s for service on a “Wangwriter II” with “128K of [RAM] memory,” dated March 3, 1989.25. “Invalid Keystroke” by John Updike. Copyright © 1984 by John Updike, used by permission of The Wylie Agency LLC. Text of the poem as printed in Light Year ’84, ed. Robert Wallace (Cleveland: Bits Press, 1983), 110.
Notes to Pages 86-89 28126. Begley, Updike, Kindle loc. 110.27. J. D. Reed and Jeanne North, “Plugged-In Prose,” Time, August 10, 1981.28. One source informed me that Wang initially provided the machine toUpdike as part of a promotional effort, but I have not been able to verifythis account.29. Roger Angell, interview with the author, May 16, 2014.30. John Updike, “Updike and I,” quoted in Begley, Updike, Kindle loc. 7826.31. John Updike, “Where Money and Energy Gather: A Writer’s View of aComputer Laboratory,” in Research Directions in Computer Science: An MIT Perspective, ed. Albert R. Meyer, et al. (Cambridge, MA: MIT Press, 1991), np.32. Ibid.33. See Paul Saenger, Space between Words: The Origins of Silent Reading(Stanford, CA: Stanford University Press, 1997).34. Nicholson Baker, “The History of Punctuation,” in The Size of Thoughts:Essays and Other Lumber (New York: Vintage, 1997), 75.35. The John Updike Papers (2527), Houghton Library, Harvard University,Cambridge, Massachusetts.36. Ibid.37. Ibid.38. John Updike, quoted in Curt Suplee, “Tapping at the Chamber Door,” PCMagazine, May 29, 1984, 251.39. John Updike, “The End of Authorship,” New York Times, June 25, 2006,http://www.nytimes.com/2006/06/25/books/review/25updike.html?pagewanted=all&_r=0.40. Updike, “A Writer at Large: Naked Came the Stranger to a Mystery Plotin Cyberspace,” New Yorker, September 29, 1997, 31–32.41. Updike, preface to Odd Jobs: Essays and Criticism (New York: RandomHouse, 1991), Kindle loc. 163.42. See Courtney Reed, “In the Galleries: Russell Banks Adapts to a WordProcessor,” Cultural Compass (blog), March 22, 2011, http://blogs.utexas .edu/culturalcompass/2011/03/22/in-the-galleries-russell-banks-adapts-to -a-word-processor/.43. “NEWLIGHT,” Terrence McNally Papers, Harry Ransom Humanities Research Center, Disk 22a (June 10, 1988).44. Umberto Eco, Foucault’s Pendulum (New York: Picador, 1989), 24. Eco had gotten his  rst computer in 1983, and Foucault’s Pendulum was the  rst novel he wrote with it, completing at least one early draft one or two years later. See Eco and Jean-Philippe de Tonnac, This Is Not the End of the Book, trans. Polly McLean (London: Harvill Secker, 2011), 44, 73–74.45. Eco, Foucault’s Pendulum, 26.
282 Notes to Pages 90-9346. See John Updike, “The Writer in Winter,” in Higher Gossip: Essays and Criticism (New York: Random House, 2011), 4.47. John Updike, introduction to Krementz, The Writer’s Desk, xi.48. Begley, Updike, Kindle loc. 7065.49. Letter to “Edith,” May 21, 1983. The John Updike Papers (1703),Houghton Library.50. Details of the typewriter’s provenance are from Steve Soboroff, email tothe author, January 13, 2014. Miranda Updike never used the typewriter.51. Very nearly so, anyway. There are a few additional words, mostly garbledand illegible but seemingly pertaining to postage, then a closing “warm regards.” What Updike presumably means is not that he will not be doing any more typing himself, but that he will no longer require the services of a typist, the latter being what is replaced by the word processor in his work ow. My deepest thanks to Steve Soboroff for making the ribbon available to me to transcribe.5. Signposts1. Isaac Asimov, “I Am a Signpost,” in The Roving Mind (1983; repr., Amherst, NY: Prometheus Books, 1997), Kindle loc. 333.2. These took the form of full-page ads in computer magazines showing Asimov posed with a TRS-80 and other hardware: “The smartest wayto write!” read the copy for one. “An out-of-this-world deal!” trumpeted another. “I may never use a typewriter again!” blared a third, in unabashed contradiction to Asimov’s actual preferences. Tandy maintained an aggres- sive promotional strategy that leaned heavily on well-known writers, reportedly also placing Tandy products in the hands of Robert Heinlein, Arthur C. Clarke, L. Sprague de Camp, and Flora Rheta Schreiber, among others. Atari, meanwhile, retained Robert Ludlum for the same ends: “In  ction, Robert Ludlum’s characters use the most incredible computers imaginable. In fact, Mr. Ludlum’s personal computer is an Atari,” reads one 1981 ad. 3M used Gordon R. Dickson to shill  oppy disks. And so on, in the best tradition of Remington’s use of Twain’s “First Writing-Machine” sketch.3. Asimov, “I Am a Signpost,” 333.4. David Gerrold, “Star Trek Author Discovers Word Processors,” InfoWorld,March 30, 1981, 10.5. Asimov, “I Am a Signpost,” 332.6. The story originally appeared in Analog, June 1964, 78–80. It has morethan a touch of Marxist dialectic: “Willy,” says the robot named I, BEM of his human servant, “says our time is coming. He says when any species
Notes to Pages 94-96 283develops the lower-order means to which it can assign its physical labor, itwill get kicked out of its nest by that lower-order creation” (80).7. See The Essential Ellison, ed. Terry Dowling (Beverly Hills, CA: Mor-pheus International, 1991), 166.8. See “Answer ‘Af rmative’ or ‘Negative,’ ” Analog: Science Fiction, ScienceFact (April 1972): 152–167.9. Harlan Ellison, quoted in J. Michael Straczynski, “Brave New Words,”Pro les, May / June 1984, 38. Emphasis in original. He was no moregenerous to electric typewriters.10. A point made more generally by Brian Stableford, “Computers,” in JohnClute and Peter Nicholls, The Encyclopedia of Science Fiction (New York: St. Martin’s Press, 1995); with a very few exceptions, he notes, science  ction writers “failed utterly to foresee the eventual development of the microprocessor” (243).11. Ibid.12. David Hartwell, interview with the author, December 7, 2014.13. A former public relations representative for Tandy reports having super-vised the delivery of over 500 machines to various authors: “I eithersaw the machines in these writer’s homes, or hand-delivered a machine to them, or spoke with them in person about a technical problem relating to the computer.” She notes favoring science  ction and fantasy authors because she enjoyed the genre, but she also singles out Flora Rheta Schreiber because she had taken a class from her (Deb McAlister-Holland, email to the author, December 28, 2011).14. Harold Bloom, “The Art of Criticism No. 1,” interviewed by Antonio Weiss, Paris Review, Spring 1991, http://www.theparisreview.org /interviews/2225/the-art-of-criticism-no-1-harold-bloom. Bloom adds: “I can only write with a ballpoint pen, with a Rolling Writer, they’re called, a black Rolling Writer on a lined yellow legal pad on a certain kind of clipboard. And then someone else types it.”15. WordPerfect also shared this color scheme. Jerry Pournelle, interview with the author, December 27, 2011. See also “Blue Background with White Text,” Fog Creek Software, http://discuss.fogcreek.com /joelonsoftware/default.asp?cmd=show&ixPost=103262.16. That incident is chronicled in Brad DeLong, “How Jerry Pournelle Got Kicked Off the ARPANET,” Grasping Reality, July 5, 2013, http://delong .typepad.com/sdj/2013/07/how-jerry-pournelle-got-kicked-off-the-arpanet .html.17. After introducing him to publisher Jim Baen, Pournelle wrote the foreword to Gingrich’s Window of Opportunity: A Blueprint for the Future (New York: Tor, 1984) in which space exploration and computing
284 Notes to Pages 96-98are both central themes. “The jump from an electric typewriter to the interactive computer systems now on the market is fully as great as the jump from the quill pen to the typewriter,” Gingrich opined (81).18. “A professor in Maryland has an article in the New York Times about word processors and novelist[s]. He doesn’t seem to have done any homework at all.” So begins Pournelle’s characteristically pugnacious response to an article covering my early research. See Pournelle, “Early Days of Word Processing,” Chaos Manor (blog), December 26, 2011, http://www .jerrypournelle.com/chaosmanor/early-days-of-word-processing/.19. For a representative instance of the statement, see Pournelle, “I Think I Started Something,” Asimov, August 3, 1981, 55.20. See “How to Get My Job,” JerryPournelle.com (blog), https://www .jerrypournelle.com/slowchange/myjob.html.21. See Cristopher Hennessey-DeRose, “Joss Whedon—ScFi.com talks to SF Author Jerry Pournelle,” Whedon.info, September 7, 2003, http://www .whedon.info/Joss-Whedon-SciFi-com-talks-to-SF.html.22. Jerry Pournelle, “Introduction,” Starswarm: A Jupiter Novel (New York: Tor, 1998), Kindle loc. 133.23. Authorities point to the 1958 breakup of the American News Service, a distributor for many early science  ction magazines, as the tipping point. With the resulting demise of dozens of titles, science  ction “ceased to be identi ed primarily as a magazine form. Shorter forms, from short-short stories to novellas, gave way to novels and even multi-volume series.” See Brian Attebery, “The Magazine Era: 1920–1960,” in The Cambridge Companion to Science Fiction, ed. Edward James and Farah Mendlesohn (Cambridge: Cambridge University Press, 2003), 46. See also Barry N. Malzberg, “The Fifties,” Library of America, accessed August 19, 2015,h t t p : / / w w w. l o a . o r g / s c i e n c e   c t i o n / w h y _ m a l z b e r g . j s p .24. Pournelle, “Introduction,” Kindle loc. 143. “Nobody likes to type, andmost writers hated it,” he echoed in his interview with the author,December 27, 2011.25. Jerry Pournelle, User’s Guide to Small Computers (Wake Forest, NC:Baen, 1984), 92. (The book reprints the original onComputing article.)26. The individual upon whom Pournelle frequently bestowed this epithetwas a retired government of cial and intelligence of cer named Dan MacLean. See John Riley, “Lord of Chaos Manor: Hoping for a Message from a Long-Lost Friend,” Los Angeles Times, October 27, 1985, http:// articles.latimes.com/1985-10-27/magazine/tm-13029_1_chaos-manor.27. Pournelle, User’s Guide, 8.28. Jerry Pournelle, interview with the author, December 27, 2011. The othercomponents of the system were as follows: a Cromemco S-100 board
Notes to Pages 98-99 285carrying a Z-80 chip with the CP/M operating system that we have seen before; 16K of memory; a  fteen-inch black-and-white Hitachi display screen; twin 8-inch  oppy disk drives; a Memorex keyboard capable of emulating the familiar IBM Selectric layout (Pournelle was very partic- ular about keyboards, and insisted that writers  nd one they liked); and a Diablo 1620 printer, then the gold standard for letter-quality impact printing.29. Jerry Pournelle, interview with the author, December 27, 2011.30. Pournelle, User’s Guide, 12.31. Ibid., 52. This is obviously a bold claim, and it is in stark contrast to theexperience of an author such as Paul Auster, for whom the mechanical work of retyping, physically demanding though it is, is an integral part of the creative process. Speaking about his  rst novel, The Mezzanine, which he wrote on a Kaypro II, Nicholson Baker expresses a similar sentiment: “I retyped the whole book. I was always a believer, even with word processing, that there’s something useful about having to retrace your steps from the beginning” (“The Art of Fiction No. 212,” interviewed by Sam Anderson, Paris Review, Fall 2011, http://www .theparisreview.org/interviews/6097/the-art-of- ction-no-212-nicholson -baker).32. Jerry Pournelle, ed., The Endless Frontier (New York: Ace, 1979), 26.33. In conversation with me, Pournelle verbally dated his acquisition of theCromemco system to 1976. He also indicated that The Mote in God’s Eye (1975) was the last book he wrote on paper: “Everything after that was written on a computer.” But if “Spirals” (the story he twice singles out for mention in conjunction with learning to write on the computer) was composed not too long before its 1979 publication date (also the year Pournelle wrote the article for onComputing), then that timeline seems off—we would have to accept that either the system lay dormant for as much as two years before Pournelle did any  ction writing onit, or else that for whatever reason he omits mention of any earlier projects when discussing the computer in relation to his writing. My best conjecture is that he acquired the computer in probably late 1977 or perhaps even 1978 (but not 1976) and regardless of what was the Ur-text written with it, “Spirals” and the onComputing article were both certainly among the very  rst—shortly followed by the novel-length collaboration with Niven on Oath of Fealty (1981), which he remembers distinctly. In his computer guidebook Adventures in Microland (New York: Baen, 1985), Pournelle dates the acquisition of his system to 1977 (2); he says the same in various other publications of that era. The technological record also suggests a date later than 1976: Electric
286 Notes to Pages 99-102Pencil was  rst released in December of that year, and the Cromemco Z-2 (Zeke’s speci c system model) was not available before 1977. Pournelle’s literary papers and other personal records were not avail- able to me, and so I can’t be certain what other documentation may survive.34. For a video of the interview, see “Tom Snyder Interviews Durk Pearson and Jerry Pournelle,” YouTube video, 10:07, posted by r06u3AP, August 1, 2007, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BJ7lHBnlKQM.35. Michael Shrayer, The Electric Pencil Word Processor: Operator’s Manual, 1977, 6.36. Ibid., 10.37. Pournelle, User’s Guide, 64.38. Ibid., 70.39. Ibid., 60.40. Ibid., 4.41. Ibid., 4, 12.42. Ibid., 4.43. Frank Herbert with Max Barnard, Without Me You’re Nothing: TheEssential Guide to Home Computers (New York: Simon and Schuster,1980), 200–201.44. One recent author who would recognize Pournelle’s and Herbert’sambitions in this regard is Andy Weir, whose best-selling novel The Martian (2012) has been hailed as a landmark of contemporary hard science  ction. It includes details of a spacecraft’s  ight to Mars. Weir concluded he needed not just static calculations but actual working models. A trained software engineer, he proceeded to write his own custom programs. “I set it up so I could mess around with the angle of thrust at any point along the journey, as well as turn the engine on or off. . . . The app can also play back the motions of all bodies as an anima- tion, rather than show the whole course at once.” Quoted in Angela Watercutter, “The App That Helped Write a Breakout Sci-Fi Novel,” Wired, February 14, 2011, http://www.wired.com/2014/02/the-martian -software/.45. Larry Niven, email to the author, December 31, 2011. Niven identi es his transition to the computer as coming in the middle of his writing his novel The Ringworld Engineers, published in 1979—lending further corrobora- tion to the likelihood that Pournelle acquired his own system in late 1977 or 1978.46. Pournelle, User’s Guide, 74.47. Ibid., 82.48. Ibid., 80.
Notes to Pages 102-107 28749. Ibid., 67.50. Nonetheless, Baen was apparently irritated with the PC’s “European”-style keyboard, which was designed to facilitate the typing of umlauts and such at the expense of an extra key between Shift and Z and making the Return key smaller and harder to reach. According to Pournelle, Baen hired a programmer to create a utility called Magic Keyboard to correct these shortcomings. The program proved popular and was distributed through Simon and Schuster. See Pournelle, Adventures in Microland, 104–105.51. Pournelle, User’s Guide, 15.52. David Hartwell, Herbert’s editor at Berkley Books at the time, recallsseeing the computer in Herbert’s home and believes it may have been a “Radio Shack” system. Hartwell also has a vivid memory of receiving manuscripts from Herbert printed on a dot-matrix printer (interview with the author, December 7, 2014). Moreover, several diskettes belonging to Herbert survive (see Chapter 10) and bear the Tandy label. Interestingly, however, Herbert’s biographer and son, Brian Herbert (who is generally attentive to such details), makes no mention of a Tandy or any other brand-name computer in the household when his father was writing God-Emperor of Dune (the book was originally titled Sandworm of Dune).53. Brian Herbert, Dreamer of Dune: The Biography of Frank Herbert (New York: Tor, 2003), 284.54. Herbert, Dreamer of Dune, 326; the dollar  gure is suggested by David Gerrold in “Star Trek Author,” 9.55. Herbert with Barnard, Without Me You’re Nothing, 43.56. Ibid., 14.57. Ibid., 16.58. Ibid., 17.59. Herbert, Dreamer of Dune, 127.60. Ibid., 297.61. Herbert with Barnard, Without Me You’re Nothing, 202.62. Ibid., 200.63. Ibid., 182.64. “Graphic Computer System and Keyboard,” US 4546435 A, October 8,1985.65. David Hartwell, interview with the author, December 7, 2014.66. Jerry Pournelle, “WORMs and Friends: Words for the Ages and Picturesfor the Millions,” InfoWorld, March 7, 1988, 41. Pournelle related thesame explanation in his interview with me.67. Herbert with Barnard, Without Me You’re Nothing, 204.
288 Notes to Pages 108-11168. “Frank’s technological visions far outstripped the practical ability of people to actually implement them,” comments his editor David Hartwell. Interview with the author, December 7, 2014.69. Algis Budrys, “Advice to a New Writer on the Choice of a First Word- Processor,” Science Fiction Review 53 (Winter 1984): 34–38.70. Herbert with Barnard, Without Me You’re Nothing, 197.71. Barry Longyear, “Wanging It,” Asimov, August 3, 1981, 44–52.72. Barry Longyear, email to the author, December 15, 2014. In this messageLongyear describes his system as a “Wang Writer,” but that was a separate product and was not released until 1981. The “Wanging It” article identi es it as the Wang System 5 Model 1, and this is doubtless correct.73. Ibid.74. Barry B. Longyear, The Write Stuff (New Sharon, ME: Enchanteds,2011), 422.75. Ibid.76. Ibid., 427–428.77. Longyear, “Wanging It,” 50.78. Forward’s earliest mention of working with a computer, found in themanuscript annotations included with his papers at the University of California Riverside, is June 1981. An annotation on that date regarding his editing of a complete manuscript “printout” suggests that he had been using the computer for some time already. See “Guide to the Robert L. Forward Papers,” Online Archive of California, updated 2012, http://www .oac.cdlib.org/ ndaid/ark:/13030/c8f76bh3/entire_text/.79. His papers at the University of California Riverside include this annota- tion accompanying one of the Rocheworld [Flight of the Dragon y] manuscripts: “This was the printout of the largest electronic versionof Rocheworld that I could  nd. It was on USC tape 5WARD as  le ROCHEWOR.81JUN24. Jacqueline Stafsudd  nally was able to read the ancient tape and transfer it to an IBM compatible disk.” Ibid.80. Similarly, author and editor Kathryn Cramer observes, “The writers who had the exposure to the technology early on would then have been much earlier adopters of word processing.” Interview with the author, April 18, 2012.81. Eileen Gunn, interview with the author, May 10, 2012.82. Eileen Gunn, email to the author, May 6, 2012.83. Eileen Gunn, interview with the author.84. See Beth Winter, “About the Author,” The Discworld Compendium,August 19, 2015, http://www.extenuation.net/disc/terryp.html.85. See Robin Roberts, Anne McCaffrey: A Life with Dragons (Jackson:University Press of Mississippi, 2007), Kindle loc. 2248.
Notes to Pages 111-114 28986. Douglas Adams, “Beyond the Brochure, or Build It and We Will Come,” Hitchhiker’s Guide to the Galaxy website, last updated January 28, 2002, http://h2g2.com/entry/A281701.87. M. J. Simpson, Hitchhiker: A Biography of Douglas Adams (Boston: Justin Charles and Co., 2003), 184. Simpson’s careful attention to Adams’s personal computing history (on which this paragraph is heavily dependent) is exemplary, and all too rare among literary biographers, many of whom are still content to simply use the generic terms “computers” and “word processors,” if they mention them at all.88. Ibid., 185.89. The most comprehensive study to date of interactive  ction is Nick Montfort,Twisty Little Passages: An Approach to Interactive Fiction (Cambridge, MA:MIT Press, 2003).90. Simpson, Hitchhiker, 186. As Simpson notes, this claim is disputed byStephen Fry, an actor and author.91. Ibid., 185.92. Indeed, tablets themselves already had a real-world corollary in Alan Kay’s ideas for a Dynabook. See Kay, A Personal Computer for Children of All Ages (Palo Alto, CA: Xerox PARC, 1972), http://www.mprove.de /diplom/gui/kay72.html, pdf.93. See David B. Williams, Biographical Sketch, pt. 2., Vance Museum, http://www.vancemuseum.com/vance_bio_2.htm.94. As detailed in John Vance, “Lurulu Completed,” Cosmopolis, February 2003, 1, http://www.integralarchive.org/cosmo/Cosmopolis-35.pdf. John Vance is his son.95. David Gerrold, “Science-Fiction Authors Reappraise the Role of Com- puters,” InfoWorld, July 5, 1982, 15.96. Samuel R. Delany, 1984 (Rutherford, NJ: Voyant, 2000), 229, 265.97. Ibid., 304. The letter is written to Robert S. Bravard and dated No-vember 28, 1984.98. See “Octavia Butler’s ‘Kindred’—anyone know of any quote- legitimate-unquote reviews?” Dreamwidth (forum), posted by tzikeh, May 2, 2010,http://tzikeh.dreamwidth.org/550650.html?style=light&thread=6989306.99. Carl Freedman, Conversations with Ursula K. Le Guin (Jackson:University Press of Mississippi, 2008), 169.100. See Octavia E. Butler, “Parable of the Typewriter,” interviewed by TomKnapp, Rambles, February 1996, http://www.rambles.net/butler _typewriter.html. See also “‘Congratulations! You’ve Just Won $295,000!’: An Interview with Octavia E. Butler,” interviewed by Joan Fry, Joan Fry (author’s website), accessed August 19, 2015, http://www.joanfry.com /congratulations-youve-just-won-295000/. See also Octavia E. Butler
290 Notes to Pages 114-117Papers, 2013, Online Archive of California, Huntington Library, San Marino, http://pdf.oac.cdlib.org/pdf/huntington/mss/butler.pdf. I am grateful to Gerry Canavan for furnishing additional information in this regard.101. The  rst actual appearance of the term “cyberspace” was in Gibson’s short story “Burning Chrome,” published that same year in Omni magazine.102. For an essential reading of the signi cance of this seeming trivia, see Scott Bukatman, “Gibson’s Typewriter,” South Atlantic Quarterly 92, no. 4 (Fall 1993): 627–645.103. William Gibson, Neuromancer (New York: Ace, 1984), 51.104. William Gibson, “The Art of Fiction No. 211,” interviewed by DavidWallace-Wells, Paris Review, Summer 2011, http://www.theparisreview.org/interviews/6089/the-art-of- ction-no-211-william-gibson.105. William Gibson, email to the author, March 30, 2012.106. Larry McCaffrey, “Interview with William Gibson,” in Storming theReality Studio: A Casebook of Cyberpunk and Postmodern ScienceFiction (Durham, NC: Duke University Press, 1991), 270.107. Bruce Sterling, email to the author, January 1, 2012; see also the ParisReview interview, where Gibson recalls the exchange with Sterling: “This changes everything!” I said, “What?” He said, “My Dad gave me his Apple II. You have to get one of these things!” I said, “Why?” He said, “Automa- tion—it automates the process of writing!”108. Gibson, email to the author.109. Unlike Arthur C. Clarke and Peter Hyams or Stephen King and PeterStraub, Gibson and Sterling recall but a single abortive attempt to transfer text by modem; see William Gibson and Bruce Sterling, The Difference Engine (New York: Ballantine Books, 1990, 2011), 488. Nonetheless, one character in the book, Michael Godwin, is named for the Austin journalist and soon-to-be Electronic Frontier Foundation lawyer who helped them try to  gure out the arrangement.110. Daniel Fischlin et al., “‘The Charisma Leak’: A Conversation with William Gibson and Bruce Sterling,” in Conversations with William Gibson, ed. Patrick A. Smith (Jackson: University of Mississippi Press, 2014), Kindle loc. 2033.111. Ibid., 2054.112. Gibson and Sterling, The Difference Engine, 489.113. David Hartwell, interview with the author, December 7, 2014.114. Kathryn Cramer, interview with the author, April 18, 2012.115. Barry Longyear, email to the author, December 17, 2014.116. David Brin, email to the author, July 3, 2015.
Notes to Pages 117-118 291117. Sheila Finch, email to the author, July 2, 2015.118. Malcom Ross-MacDonald, email to the author, June 28, 2012. Thesalesman’s advice notwithstanding, MacDonald was working with computers by the early 1980s, starting with the wonderfully named Exidy Sorcerer; he used them not only for word processing but to prepare camera-ready copy for his publishers.119. Stuart Woods, email to the author, December 26, 2011. Subsequent details about Woods are taken from this same email.120. See Gary K. Wolfe, “Science Fiction and Its Editors,” in James and Mendlesohn, Cambridge Companion to Science Fiction, 108.121. See Vonda N. McIntyre, afterword to Dreamsnake, Book View Café, August 19, 2015, http://www.bookviewcafe.com/index.php /Dreamsnake14.122. Some historical perspective is also useful here. Today, for example, we think of a novella primarily as a stunted or less ambitious novel, but historically novellas came  rst—they evolved into the “novel” only in the eighteenth century, when authors such as Richardson and Fielding remarked with some trepidation on the prodigious length of their books. The Victorian period, meanwhile, was an era of massive three-volume or “triple-decker” novels, whose length was often acknowledged to be a function of a different kind of literary technology: not a steampunk word processor but serialization, the practice of publishing novels in inexpen- sive monthly installments. (Thus the myth that Charles Dickens was “paid by the word.”) In this era there was truly “no frigate like a book,” as Emily Dickinson was to say—a comment about the imagination, to be sure, but also about books’ material heft. Virginia Woolf, meanwhile, observed the “fecundity” of her Victorian predecessors and called for “shorter, more concentrated” books, “framed so that they do not need long hours of steady, uninterrupted work.” Quoted in Steve Ellis, Virginia Woolf and the Victorians (Cambridge: Cambridge University Press, 2007), 40–41.123. “Frustrated by writer’s block, frustrated by blood pressure medication that she felt inhibited her creativity and vitality, and frustrated by the sense that she had no story for Trickster, only a ‘situation,’ Butler started and stopped the novel over and over again from 1989 until her death, never getting far from the beginning,” says Gerry Canavan. See Canavan, “ ‘There’s Nothing New / Under The Sun, / But There Are New Suns’: Recovering Octavia E. Butler’s Lost Parables,” LA Review of Books, June 9, 2014, https://lareviewofbooks.org/essay/theres-nothing-new-sun-new -suns-recovering-octavia-e-butlers-lost-parables. Drafts of the un nished novel exist as both typescripts and printouts.
292 Notes to Pages 119-123 6. Typing on Glass1. Wilfred A. Beeching, Century of the Typewriter (New York: St. Martin’s Press, 1974), 267.2. Walter Isaacson, Steve Jobs (New York: Simon and Schuster, 2011), 60.3. Fred Moore, Homebrew Computer Club invitation addressed to Steve Dompier (February 17, 1975), uploaded on Wikipedia by Gotanero,November 12, 2013, http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Homebrew_Computer _Club#mediaviewer/File:Invitation_to_First_Homebrew_Computer _Club_meeting.jpg.4. Copies of von Neumann’s famous “First Draft of a Report on the EDVAC,” dated June 30, 1945, are easily found online. For a discussion of the considerations around attributing the stored program concept to von Neumann alone, see Paul E. Ceruzzi, A History of Modern Computing (Cambridge, MA: MIT Press, 1998), 20–22.5. Beeching, Century of the Typewriter, 127.6. See Ceruzzi, History of Modern Computing, 152.7. Peter Straub, interview with the author, May 10, 2012.8. The fullest account of van Dam and Nelson’s collaboration is to be foundin Belinda Barnet, Memory Machines: The Evolution of Hypertext (London: Anthem Press, 2013). Barnet’s account is based on extensive personal interviews with both individuals.9. For the origins of the term “hypertext,” see http://faculty.vassar.edu /mijoyce/Ted_sed.html, accessed August 19, 2015.10. Andries van Dam, interview with the author, March 15, 2012.11. See James V. Catano, “Poetry and Computers: Experimenting with theCommunal Text,” Computers and the Humanities 13, no. 4 (October– December 1979): 269–275; see also Catano, “Computer-Based Writing: Navigating the Fluid Text,” College Composition and Communication 36, no. 3 (October 1985): 309–316.12. Larry Tesler, interview with the author, October 11, 2013.13. Ibid.14. Ibid.15. The best overview of Xerox PARC’s history and associated innovations isMichael A. Hiltzik, Dealers of Lightning: Xerox PARC and the Dawn ofthe Computer Age (New York: Harper, 1999).16. This episode (and Apple’s subsequent development of the technologies) isrecounted in detail in Steven Levy, Insanely Great: The Life and Times of Macintosh, the Computer That Changed Everything (New York: Penguin, 1994), 77–103. For video of Tesler describing the demo in 2011, see Philip Elmer-DeWitt, Fortune, August 24, 2014, embedded YouTube video,
Notes to Pages 123-125 293http://fortune.com/2014/08/24/raw-footage-larry-tesler-on-steve-jobs-visit-to-xerox-parc/.17. Michael Shrayer was an Altair owner for whom the blinking LEDs weresimply not satisfactory—he quickly managed to make the computer the centerpiece of his own TV Typewriter unit, and a year later released what is generally regarded as the  rst word processing program for a micro- computer, Electric Pencil. (At the time, Shrayer claims, he had never even heard the term “word processing”; see Paul Freiberger, “Electric Pencil, First Micro Word Processor,” InfoWorld, May 10, 1982, 12.) Electric Pencil was rough around the edges, even by the standards of software that would soon follow, and Shrayer found he had little interest in running a commercial software company. But Electric Pencil was quickly embraced by home computer hobbyists (and early adopters like Pournelle and Niven), a constituency not yet served by either academic research or the high-end of ce word processing systems.18. Hiltzik, Dealers of Lightning, xxiii.19. Ibid., 169–171.20. Charles Simonyi, quoted in ibid., 198.21. Andries van Dam and David E. Rice, “On-Line Text Editing: A Survey,”Computing Surveys 3, no. 3 (September 1971): 113.22. The relevant documentation is the Federal Standard 1037C, Telecommu-nications: Glossary of Telecommunication Terms.23. For an excellent complement to van Dam and Rice’s then-contemporary survey, see Thomas Haigh, “Remembering the Of ce of the Future,” IEEE Computer Society 28, no. 4 (2006), which includes further discus- sion of both teletype technologies and the distinctions (such as they are) between line editing, program editing, text editing, and word processing. Though the latter two are typically differentiated by their degree of attentiveness to hard-copy formatting, Haigh concludes that “the key distinction is more cultural than technical: text editors are used by programmers to write programs and systems  les; word processors are used by everyone else to do everything else” (14). See also Ceruzzi, History of Modern Computing, for discussion of time-sharing, teletypes, and text editing in their historical contexts.24. See van Dam and Rice, “On-Line Text Editing,” 96.25. Ibid., 97.26. Douglas R. Hofstadter, “Preface to GEB’s Twentieth-AnniversaryEdition,” in Gödel, Escher, Bach: An Eternal Golden Braid (New York: Basic Books, 1999), P-12. Hofstadter was also captivated by the on-screen formatting of his prose made possible by TV-EDIT, a  xation that would lead him to the ordeal of producing his own camera-ready  lms for Basic
294 Notes to Pages 125-132Books using an early computer typesetting system designed to work withTV-EDIT.27. Charles Simonyi, interview with the author, March 13, 2012.28. Ibid.; see also Hiltzik, Dealers of Lightning, 200.29. Charles Simonyi, interview with the author.30. See Hiltzik, Dealers of Lightning, 208; also Tesler, interview with theauthor.31. Tesler, interview with the author.32. Ibid.33. Ibid.34. Ibid. The same story is also recounted from personal correspondence withTesler in Ted Nelson, Geeks Bearing Gifts: How the Computer World GotThis Way; Version 1.1 (Sausalito, CA: Mindful Press, 2009), 128.35. Quotations are from a copy of the note provided to the author by Tesler;emphasis added.36. Ibid. The  rst sentence is all-capitalized in the original. Underlining(evidence of Gypsy’s capabilities) in original.37. See Hiltzik, Dealers of Lightning, and Levy, Insanely Great, for coverageof Kay’s renowned career.38. Bonnie MacBird, quoted in Mike Gencarelli, “Bonnie MacBird Talksabout Co-writing 1982’s ‘TRON,’ ” Media Mikes, September 27, 2011, http://www.mediamikes.com/2011/09/interview-with-trons-bonnie- m a c b i r d /.39. Bonnie MacBird, email to the author December 27, 2011.40. Ibid.41. MacBird, email to the author, January 18, 2012.42. MacBird, email to the author, December 27, 2011.43. MacBird, email to the author, January 18, 2012.44. The best technical account of the computer graphics techniques in Tronremains Richard Patterson, “The Making of TRON,” American Cinema-tographer, August 1982, 792–819.45. See Gencarelli, “Bonnie MacBird Talks.’ ”46. See “Yale Book Arts,” the Honorable Company of College Printers, accessedAugust 19, 2015, http://www. veroses.org/YaleBookTradition.htm.47. See “Pierson Press,” the Honorable Company of College Printers,accessed August 19, 2015, http://www. veroses.org/Presses/PCPress.htm.48. See “The College Presses,” Yale University Library online, last modi edNovember 16, 2001, http://www.library.yale.edu/aob/printing/collegepresses.html.49. Some details of Hersey’s time at Pierson College (Yale) are drawn fromZara Kessler, John Hersey’s Yale Education (May 2012), http://www.library .y a l e . e d u /~ n k u h l / Y C A L S t u d e n t Wo r k / H e r s e y - K e s s l e r. p d f .
Notes to Pages 132-136 29550. Editors, “To Our Readers,” New Yorker, August 31, 1946.51. John Hersey, “The Art of Fiction No. 92,” interviewed by Jonathan Dee,Paris Review, Summer–Fall 1986, http://www.theparisreview.org/interviews/2756/the-art-of- ction-no-92-john-hersey.52. Ibid.53. Peter Weiner, interview with the author, March 20, 2015.54. Hersey, “The Art of Fiction.”55. Weiner, interview with the author.56. See Craig A. Finseth, The Craft of Text Editing (Berlin, DE: Springer-Verlag, 1991; Cambridge, MA: MIT Press, 1999). E-book, chap. 4,h t t p : / / w w w . m i t . e d u / ~ y a n d r o s / d o c / c r a f t - t e x t - e d i t i n g /.57. R. Stockton Gaines, quoted in Willis H. Ware, RAND and the Informa-tion Revolution: A History in Essays and Vignettes (Santa Monica, CA:RAND Corporation, 2008), 122.58. Edgar T. Irons and Frans M. Djorup, “A CRT Editing System,” Commu-nications of the ACM 15, no. 1 (January 1972): 17.59. Weiner, interview with the author.60. Unless otherwise noted, details of what likely constituted a typical writingsession with the Yale Editor on the PDP-10 in this paragraph and those that follow have been reconstructed from various sources in the John Hersey Papers in the Beinecke Rare Book and Manuscript Library, Yale University. These sources (in boxes 53–54 and 58–59) include documenta- tion for the PDP-10 and Yale Editor, as well as Hersey’s own notes, drafts, and jottings. Conversation with Peter Weiner has also been helpful in this respect.61. Hersey, “The Art of Fiction.”62. Ibid.63. Hannah Sullivan, The Work of Revision (Cambridge, MA: HarvardUniversity Press, 2013), 15–16.64. See “Typesetting: When It Changed,” Making Light (blog), June 18, 2004,http://nielsenhayden.com/makinglight/archives/005370.html.65. “Computer-Aided Composition,” in Encyclopedia of Computer Scienceand Technology, ed. Jack Belzer, Albert G. Holzma, and Allen Kent, vol. 5. (Boca Raton, FL: CRC Press, 1976), 334. One in uential example: The Coach House Press in Toronto acquired a Mergenthaler in 1974, and soon afterward a CTC Datapoint 2200 computer to control it, thus inaugurating decades of experimentation and innovation in digital typesetting and electronic publishing under its imprint. John W. Maxwell is actively researching the technological history of Coach House—I am grateful to him for this information. See also http://hpcanpub.mcmaster .ca/case-study/coach-house-press-crucible-electronic-publishing -technology.
296 Notes to Pages 137-14166. LINTRN documentation, John Hersey Papers, Beinecke Library, box 54, April 24, 1973.67. Autograph draft, John Hersey Papers, Beinecke Library, box 58, nd.68. Ibid.69. The PDP-10 was able to render up at least one other novelty for Hersey:an alphabetical listing of every word in the book and the number of times it was used (John Hersey Papers, box 58). A few years later, perhaps thinking it was still safely in the realm of  ction for literary authorship, Italo Calvino would satirically include a similar word frequency list in If on a Winter’s Night a Traveler (1979).70. Rene Kuhn Bryant, “More Worrier than Philosopher,” National Review, December 6, 1974, 1421–1422.71. Hersey, “The Art of Fiction.”72. According to Peter Weiner, interview with the author; and Weiner isemphatic on this point.7. Unseen Hands1. Berry’s essay, “Why I Am Not Going to Buy a Computer,” was originally published in the New England Review / Bread Loaf Quarterly 10, no. 1 (1987): 112–113; emphasis in original. It was reprinted as “Against PCs,” Harper’s Magazine, September 1988. The essay and the exchange that followed its appearance in Harper’s are both available online through the Jesus Radicals website, http://www.jesusradicals.com/uploads/2/6/3/8 /26388433/computer.pdf.2. Gordon Inkeles, “Technological Fundamentalism,” Harper’s Magazine, December 1988, 6.3. Berry, “Why I Am Not,” 112.4. See Ted Friedman, Electric Dreams: Computers in American Culture(New York: NYU Press, 2005), 103.5. Robert X. Cringley, quoted in ibid., 104.6. Steven Levy, “A Spreadsheet Way of Knowledge,” Harper’s Magazine,November 1984; reprinted online at Backchannel, October 24, 2014, https://medium.com/backchannel/a-spreadsheet-way-of-knowledge -8de60af7146e.7. See Juliet Webster, Shaping Women’s Work: Gender, Employment and Information Technology (New York: Longman, 1996). Importantly, Webster sees the relationship between gender and technology as bidirec- tional: “Gender relations must be regarded as the context within which information technologies are evolving, assuming the mark of their social
Notes to Pages 141-143 297and gendered context, and in turn acting upon this gendered social context” (33). Natalia Cecire, meanwhile, frames typing as a form of the “not-reading” she also historically aligns with women’s work; see Cecire, “Ways of Not Reading Gertrude Stein,” ELH 82 (2015): 281–312.8. Christopher Latham Sholes, quoted in Bruce Bliven Jr., The Wonderful Writing Machine (New York: Random House, 1954), 15. Of course, the genealogy of the typewriter’s gender is much more nuanced and diverse. Kittler’s Gramophone, Film, Typewriter, trans. Geoffrey Winthrop-Young (Stanford, CA: Stanford University Press, 1999), and Lisa Gitelman’s Scripts, Grooves, and Writing Machines: Representing Technology in the Edison Era (Stanford, CA: Stanford University Press, 1999) are both essential as starting points.9. See especially Christopher Keep, “The Cultural Work of the Type-Writer Girl,” Victorian Studies 40, no. 3 (Spring 1997): 401–426; Darren Wershler- Henry, The Iron Whim: A Fragmented History of Typewriting (Ithaca, NY: Cornell University Press, 2007), 85–104; and Scott Bukatman, “Gibson’s Typewriter,” South Atlantic Quarterly 92, no. 4 (Fall 1993): 636–640.10. Quoted in Jeanette Hoffman, “Writers, Texts, and Writing Acts: Gendered User Images in Word Processing Software,” in The Social Shaping of Technology, 2nd ed., ed. Donald MacKenzie and Judy Wajcman (Buck- ingham, UK: Open University Press, 1999), 224.11. J. C. R. Licklider, an in uential early computer and information scientist, was notably skeptical that men (speci cally men) in positions of power and authority could ever submit themselves to a keyboard. See Licklider’s classic essay (with its telling title), “Man-Computer Symbiosis,” IRE Transactions in Human Factors in Electronics, HFE-1, nos. 4–11(March 1960). I am grateful to Liz Losh for the reminder about Licklider’sviews on typing.12. Barry Longyear, “Wanging It,” Asimov, August 3, 1981, 51.13. Hoffman, “Writers, Texts, and Writing Acts,” 223.14. Ibid., 227.15. Juliet Webster is unequivocal on this point: “There are still very fewmen whose entire jobs are concerned with processing other people’s words.” See Webster, “From the Word Processor to the Micro: Gender Issues in the Development of Information Technology in the Of ce,” in Gendered by Design? Information Technology and Of ce Systems, ed. Eileen Green, Jenny Owen, and Den Pain (London: Taylor and Francis, 1993), 120.16. The poem is published in a chapbook with the same title by Ackerman from Thin Ice Press in 1990. The colophon reads, “A book composed by
298 Notes to Pages 144-148hand in 10 point Garamond Bold, printed by the poet, me, on a Vander- cook 219, at the New College Print Shop, sometime in June and July, wanting to  nish.” (That last phrase an echo of the title.) There are no other overt references to word processing among the  fteen other poems in the book. The copy I consulted is in the Fales Library at New York University.17. Shoshana Zuboff, In the Age of the Smart Machine: The Future of Work and Power (New York: Basic Books, 1988), 179–180.18. Thomas Haigh, “Remembering the Of ce of the Future,” IEEE Com- puter Society 28, no. 4 (2006): 7.19. Thomas J. Anderson and William R. Trotter, Word Processing (New York: Amacom, 1974), 5; emphasis in original.20. George R. Simpson, quoted in ibid., 5.21. Ibid., 1.22. Walter A. Kleinschrod, Word Processing: An AMA Management Brie ng(New York: Amacom, 1974), 2.23. This list is derived from Anderson and Trotter, Word Processing, 5.24. Ibid.25. Ibid.26. For example, Kleinschrod, Word Processing, 4. Jane Barker and HazelDowning make the same point in “Word Processing and the Transforma- tion of the Patriarchal Relations of Control in the Of ce,” Capital & Class 4, no. 1 (Spring 1980): 81–82.27. Kleinschrod, Word Processing, 4.28. Anderson and Trotter, Word Processing, 5.29. Mary Kathleen Benét, The Secretarial Ghetto (New York: McGraw-Hill,1973), 13; emphasis in original.30. Ibid., 10.31. Ibid., 6–7.32. Kleinschrod, quoted in Haigh, “Remembering the Of ce,” 8.33. Other scholars writing about the history of women and informationtechnology have come to similar conclusions. See, for example, Sadie Plant, Zeroes + Ones (London: Fourth Estate, 1997), esp. “automata”; and Anne Balsamo, Technologies of the Gendered Body: Reading Cyborg Women (Durham: Duke University Press, 1996), esp. “Feminism for the Incurably Informed.” That chapter (previously published in a landmark special issue of South Atlantic Quarterly on cyberspace in 1993) is also the point of departure for N. Katherine Hayles in My Mother Was a Computer (Chicago: Chicago University Press, 2005). Finally, see Elizabeth Losh, Virtualpolitik: An Electronic History of Government Media-Making in a Time of War, Scandal, Disaster, Miscommunication,
Notes to Pages 148-151 299and Mistakes (Cambridge, MA: MIT Press, 2009), esp. the concludingchapter.34. See Alan Liu, The Laws of Cool: Knowledge Work and the Culture ofInformation (Chicago: University of Chicago Press, 2004), 108–109.35. Barker and Downing, “Word Processing,” 92.36. Evelyn Berezin, interview with the author, April 5, 2015.37. See “Evelyn Berezin: WITI Hall of Fame 2011 Induction @ WITI’sWomen Powering Technology Summit,” YouTube video, uploaded October 21, 2011, embedded in WITI Hall of Fame online, featured pro le on http://www.witi.com/center/witimuseum/halloffame/303047 /Evelyn-Berezin-Management-Consultant-Brookhaven-Science -Associates/.38. See Evelyn Berezin biography, Computer History Museum online, accessed August 19, 2015, http://www.computerhistory.org/fellowawards /hall/bios/Evelyn,Berezin/.39. Evelyn Berezin, interview with the author.40. According to the Berezin biography provided in the Computer HistoryMuseum online, http://www.computerhistory.org/fellowawards/hall/bios /Evelyn,Berezin/. But see also Martin Campbell-Kelly on SABRE, which makes clear the extent of its improvement over early systems like Tele- register’s Reservisor. Campbell-Kelly, From Airline Reservations to Sonic the Hedgehog: A History of the Software Industry (Cambridge, MA: MIT Press, 2003), 41–45.41. Evelyn Berezin, interview with the author. Berezin also relates this story in a video interview recorded by the Computer History Museum in 2015; see “Evelyn Berezin—Computer History Museum 2015 Fellow Award Recipient,” YouTube video, 6:51, posted by Computer History, May 7, 2015, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tb-v65mOBEw.42. Ibid.43. Ibid.44. Ibid.45. This description is from Gwyn Headley. See “Goodbye Old Friend, orGwyn Donates a Computer to a Museum,” fotolibrarian (blog), May 12, 2014, http://fotolibrarian.fotolibra.com/?p=1115. Headley subsequently donated this same machine to the Computer History Museum in Moun- tain View, California.46. Evelyn Berezin, interview with the author.47. Ibid.48. Gloria Steinem, “Sisterhood,” New York, December 20, 1971, 48.49. All subsequent quotations are to the text of the ad copy, New York,December 20, 1971, 21.
300 Notes to Pages 152-15450. For additional discussion of the ad and the history of the preview issue of Ms., see Amy Erdman Farrell, Yours in Sisterhood: Ms. Magazine and the Promise of Popular Feminism (Chapel Hill: University of North Carolina Press, 1998), 29–36.51. Evelyn Berezin, interview with the author.52. Webster, Shaping Women’s Work, 115.53. See also Barker and Downing, “Word Processing”: “It is within theinvisible culture of the of ce that we  nd the development of forms of resistance that are peculiarly ‘feminine.’ . . . Because the work in the of ce is boring and alienating, and because ‘work,’ that is, waged work, is not traditionally seen as being central to women’s lives by both employers and women themselves, it is not surprising that women tend to bring their domestic lives into work with them” (82).54. Marina Endicott, email to the author, February 1, 2012.55. Daniel Max, “McMillan’s Millions,” New York Times, August 9, 1992,http://www.nytimes.com/1992/08/09/magazine/mcmillan-s-millions.html.56. A noteworthy story here is that of Barbara Elman, a former secretarywho, after being asked by her employer to learn a word processing system, opened up her own word processing consulting business and began editing the bimonthly Word Processing News out of Burbank, California, in 1982. (Despite the similar title and time frame, it is not to be confused with Bradford Morgan’s more academically oriented publication.) WPNews, as it was known, catered to screenwriters, journalists, and other professional writers with product reviews, classi eds, and other features. For additional details, see Patricia Keefe, “Panel Considers DP Rich with Career Options,” Computerworld, May 23, 1983, 20. One subscriber came to call her the “mother confessor” for writers seeking advice about word processing (quoted in Peggy Watt, “Magazines Pursue Vertical Markets,” InfoWord, February 27, 1984, 29).57. Samuel J. Kalow, “Word Processing Opens New Career Avenues,” Modern Of ce Procedures, nd.58. See Haigh, “Remembering the Of ce,” 11–12.59. For a history of Processed World as written by its founders, as well as forscans of much of the content, see Chris Carlsson et al., “Some History of Processed World,” Processed World, 1989–1991, accessed August 19, 2015, http://www.processedworld.com/History/history.html. See also Haigh, “Remembering the Of ce,” 23–24; and Liu, The Laws of Cool, 278–282. “What Processed World believed in, above all,” Liu comments, “was ‘bad attitude,’ which was its motto, and also the title of a 1990 retrospective anthology of the magazine’s articles, readers’ letters, and illustrations” (278).
Notes to Pages 155-160 30160. Evelyn Berezin, interview with the author.61. Cornelius E. DeLoca and Samuel Jay Kalow, The Romance Division: ADifferent Side of IBM (Wyckoff, NJ: D & K Book Co., 1991), 60.62. Haigh, “Remembering the Of ce,” 8–9.63. Helen M. McCabe and Estelle L. Popham, Word Processing: A SystemsApproach to the Of ce (New York: Harcourt, Brace, Jovanovich, 1977), 22.64. Ibid., 26.65. Richard Matheson, “A World of His Own,” The Twilight Zone, season 1, episode 36, directed by Ralph Nelson, aired July 1, 1960 (New York: Columbia Broadcasting System).66. Geoffrey Winthrop-Young, Kittler and the Media (Cambridge: Polity, 2011), 63.67. Richard Powers, “How to Speak a Book,” New York Times, January 7, 2007, http://www.nytimes.com/2007/01/07/books/review/Powers2.t.html? _r=3&.68. Richard Powers, email to the author, May 29, 2012.69. Ibid.70. Ibid.71. Richard Powers, “The Art of Fiction No. 175,” interviewed by KevinBerger, Paris Review, Winter 2002–2003, http://www.theparisreview.org/interviews/298/the-art-of- ction-no-175-richard-powers.72. See Wershler-Henry, The Iron Whim, esp. pt. 3, “Amanuensis: Type-writing and Dictation,” 73–131; see also Gitelman, Scripts, Grooves, andWriting Machines, esp. chap. 5, “Automatic Writing,” 184–218.73. James Fallows, “Living with a Computer,” Atlantic, July 1, 1982, http://www.theatlantic.com/magazine/archive/1982/07/living-with-a-computer/306063/.74. Longyear, “Wanging It,” 51.75. Jerry Pournelle also placed notable emphasis on the necessity of thetractor feed in his advice to writers buying their  rst computer: “Your printer will have a friction feed much like a typewriter. That’s  ne for letters and other stuff that wants single sheets, but not useful if you’re trying to print off a novel. Therefore, when you buy your printer, buy a ‘tractor drive,’ also known as a ‘pinfeed.’ This is a small gadget of metal that will cost an outrageous amount. . . . Grumble at the price, but pay it.” See Pournelle, User’s Guide to Small Computers (Wake Forest, NC: Baen, 1984), 59.76. Kittler, Gramophone, Film, Typewriter, 198.77. See ibid., 203; and Gitelman, Scripts, Grooves, and Writing Machines:“The machine’s upstrike design seemed to refute the possibility of error, however unrealistically, and in removing the act of inscription from the
302 Notes to Pages 160-162human eye seemed to underscore its character as a newly technologicaland automatic event” (205–206).78. Denise Levertov, quoted in “Word Processing: Boon or Bane forWriters?,” 3:17 am (blog) posted by RaisoirJ, November 10, 2011, http://317am.org/2011/11/word-processing-boon-or-bane-for-writers/.79. Bukatman, “Gibson’s Typewriter,” 630–631, 635.80. See K. David Jackson et al., eds., Experimental—Visual—Concrete:Avant-Garde Poetry since the 1960s (Amsterdam: Rodopi, 1996). For an even more expansive reading of twentieth-century poetry as a response to the informationalization of language see Paul Stephens, The Poetics of Information Overload: From Gertrude Stein to Conceptual Writing (Minneapolis: University of Minnesota Press, 2015).81. Don Swaim, “Audio Interviews with Anne Rice,” sound  le, Wired for Books, http://www.wiredforbooks.org/annerice/.82. Ray Hammond, The Writer and the Word Processor (London: Coronet, 1984), 12.83. See Margaret Atwood et al., “System, Method and Computer Program, for Enabling Entry into Transactions on a Remote Basis,” EP 2030363 A1 (May 10, 2007).84. Margaret Atwood, quoted in Christos Tsirbas, “The LongPen: From World-Famous Novelist to High-Tech Entrepreneur,” Daily Galaxy (blog), December 3, 2007, http://www.dailygalaxy.com/my_weblog/2007/12/the -longpen—fr.html.85. Alan Galey notes, “The rhetoric of liberation that has long shaped discourse about electronic texts helps to enable the fantasy that books transmit texts in simple and straightforward ways, as emanations from the author’s mind to the reader’s. Margaret Atwood . . . con rmed this view to an audience of electronic publishing enthusiasts and practitioners in her keynote address at the 2011 O’Reilly Tools of Change for Publishing conference, where she de ned publishing as ‘transfer from brain to brain, via some sort of tool.’” See Galey, “The Enkindling Reciter: E-Books in the Bibliographical Imagination,” Book History 15 (2012): 210–247.86. Joao Medeiros, “Giving Stephen Hawking a Voice,” Wired, December 2, 2014, http://www.wired.co.uk/magazine/archive/2015/01/features/giving -hawking-a-voice. See also Hélène Mialet, Hawking Incorporated: Stephen Hawking and the Anthropology of the Knowing Subject (Chi- cago: University of Chicago Press, 2012).87. Many previous scholars have written perceptively about the Memex. For just one example, see Losh, Virtualpolitik, 312–317.88. Vannevar Bush, “As We May Think,” Atlantic, July 1, 1945, http://www .theatlantic.com/magazine/archive/1945/07/as-we-may-think/303881/.
Notes to Pages 162-165 30389. Frank Herbert with Max Barnard, Without Me You’re Nothing: The Essential Guide to Home Computers (New York: Simon and Schuster, 1980), 206.90. Surfdaddy Orca, “By Thought Alone: Mind over Keyboard,” Humanity+, December 21, 2009, http://hplusmagazine.com/2009/12/21/thought-alone - m i n d - o v e r - k e y b o a r d /.91. Ibid.92. Ibid.93. See David C. Dougherty, Shouting Down the Silence: A Biography ofStanley Elkin (Champaign-Urbana: University of Illinois Press, 2010),6, 192.94. These observations are based on my inspection of the exam booklets inElkin’s papers in the Special Collections Department at WashingtonUniversity in St. Louis in October 2014.95. Dougherty, Shouting Down the Silence, 192.96. In conversation with me, Joan Elkin emphasized the role of StanleyElkin’s chronic heart condition as opposed to the multiple sclerosis in the decision to adopt the word processor; however Elkin’s biographer, David Dougherty, characterizes Elkin’s handwriting as “undecipherable” by this point (6). We can assume both were contributing circumstances.97. Dan Shea, email to the author, October 6, 2014.98. Dougherty, Shouting Down the Silence, 192.99. Elkin’s confederate was Al Lebowitz, a lawyer who was also an aspiringwriter and had thus bought a Lexitron of his own (doubtless he had  rst encountered them at his of ce). He was Elkin’s chief technical consultant throughout his life (Joan Elkin, interview with the author, October 7, 2014).100. Letter from John Macrae III to Elkin, March 9, 1982, Stanley Elkin Papers, Special Collections Department, Washington University in St. Louis.101. Dougherty, Shouting Down the Silence, 193.102. Stanley Elkin, The Franchiser (New York: Farrar, Straus and Giroux,1976).103. These details from “Stanley Elkin: First Person Singular,” directed byJames F. Scott, Artists in Residence Series (February 26, 1982). Video. Courtesy of Washington University in St. Louis, Department of Special Collections. Elkin wrote about the soap collection in an essay, “Pieces of Soap,” in Pieces of Soap: Essays (New York: Simon and Schuster, 1992).104. Peter J. Bailey, “A Conversation with Stanley Elkin,” Review of Con- temporary Fiction 15, no. 2 (Summer 1995), http://www.dalkeyarchive .com/a-conversation-with-stanley-elkin-by-peter-j-bailey/.
304 Notes to Pages 165-170105. Elkin hung on to the Lexitron for over a decade, eventually moving on to a PC clone and a piece of software called Just Type!, manufactured by a Lexitron subsidiary after the company was bought out by Raytheon. On one occasion, side effects from medication he was taking for complications from the multiple sclerosis led him to somehow lock himself out of the Lexitron for several days, perhaps by forgetting a password or the start-up procedure. It was a traumatic event that upset him badly. He describes it in a letter to Sherman Paul, dated May 7, 1991 (Stanley Elkin Papers, Special Collections, Washington University in St. Louis).106. Elkin did not have a printer in the house, and his wife, Joan, recalls taking the diskettes across town to get  les printed at a local of ce. So, in a very real sense she was his hands as well, going where he could not (the MS would eventually leave him con ned to a wheelchair), overseeing the crucial step of producing his hard copy, even if she was not actually the one typing it.8. Think Tape1. Details in this paragraph are drawn from Edward Milward-Oliver’s chapter “Tracing a Masterwork: Len Deighton’s Bomber” from his in-progress biography of Deighton. I am deeply grateful to him for sharing his research with me.2. Conrad Knickerbocker, “The Spies Who Come In from Next Door: The Spy Novel Syndrome,” Life, April 30, 1965, 13.3. Leah Price and Pamela Thurschwell, eds., Literary Secretaries/Secretarial Culture (Hampshire, UK: Ashgate, 2005), 1.4. Ellenor Handley, email to the author, February 5, 2012.5. Edward Milward-Oliver, “Tracing a Masterwork,” unpublished manuscript,11; emphasis in original.6. Len Deighton, email to the author, October 21, 2012.7. Gordon M. Moodie, “Our Newest Product,” IBM News, June 29, 1964, 2.8. Ibid.9. In his afterword to the original edition, Deighton comments that thehardware enabled him to redraft chapters at will and that he could select passages “at only a moment’s notice” by means of “memory-coding” (Len Deighton, afterword, Bomber [London: Jonathan Cape, 1970], 473–474).10. Leon Cooper, interview with the author, April 25, 2014.11. Ibid.12. “Chemical Products Devises Special Tape Cartridge to Fill Supply Need,”IBM News, June 29, 1964, 4.
Notes to Pages 170-175 30513. This was in contrast to several existing technologies that used rolls of punched paper to record a pattern of keystrokes for form letters, player- piano fashion.14. Cornelius E. DeLoca and Samuel Jay Kalow, The Romance Division: A Different Side of IBM (Wyckoff, NJ: D & K Book Co., 1991), 86.15. Ibid., 87–88.16. Ibid., 88–89.17. Vannevar Bush, “As We May Think,” Atlantic, July 1945, http://www.theatlantic.com/magazine/archive/1945/07/as-we-may-think/303881/.18. Abigail J. Sellen and Richard H. R. Harper, The Myth of the PaperlessOf ce (Cambridge, MA: MIT Press, 2002), 17.19. Thomas J. Anderson and William R. Trotter, Word Processing (New York:American Management Association, 1974), 3.20. Ibid., 4.21. The  lm is available on YouTube, “The Paperwork Explosion,” Jim Henson Company, March 30, 2010, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v= _IZw2CoYztk. All quotations are transcribed from this copy of the  lm.22. Ben Kafka perceptively scrutinizes the  lm in his The Demon of Writing: Powers and Failures of Paperwork (New York: Zone Books, 2012), and places particular emphasis on the closing catechism: “What if we shifted the emphasis just a little bit?” asks Kafka. “From ‘machines should work, people should think’ to ‘machines should work, people should think.’ Is it possible that the  lm might be trying to warn us against its own techno- utopianism?” (146–150).23. Frank M. Knox, Managing Paperwork: A Key to Productivity (New York: Van Nostrand Reinhold, 1980), ix.24. See Zuboff, In the Age of the Smart Machine: The Future of Work and Power (New York: Basic Books, 1988), 301–310.25. Knox, Managing Paperwork, ix.26. See Thomas Haigh, “Remembering the Of ce of the Future,” IEEEComputer Society 28, no.4 (2006): 8.27. DeLoca and Kalow, The Romance Division, 72.28. Whether or not Steinhilper also introduced the English-language term“word processing” at the same time is dif cult to ascertain conclusively; the claim that he did so is tendered in his own memoir, Don’t Talk—Do It: From Flying to Word Processing (Bromley, UK: Independent Books, 2006).29. See Haigh, “Remembering the Of ce,” 7–8.30. See Erickson et al., How Reason Almost Lost Its Mind: The StrangeCareer of Cold War Rationality (Chicago: University of Chicago Press, 2013). The notion of “Cold War rationality,” they write, was characterized
306 Notes to Pages 175-179by a formal, often algorithmic approach: dif cult problems and situations were broken down into individual, discrete steps that lent themselves to mechanized, often computational implementation (3–4). Examples include cybernetics, military operations research, game theory, and the GRIT technique in psychology. The point here, in the context of Steinhil- per’s career association with the largest computer manufacturer in the world, is the extent to which word processing or textverarbeitung can be said to have a foundation in a larger complex of ideas.31. Haigh, “Remembering the Of ce,” 9.32. Ibid.33. “IBM Shows a ‘Brainier’ Typewriter,” Wall Street Journal, June 30,1964.34. “Typewriter Fed by Magnetic Tape,” New York Times, June 30, 1964.35. “IBM Reveals New Tape Typewriting Process,” Lexington Leader,June 29, 1964.36. Juliet Webster, “From the Word Processor to the Micro: Gender Issues inthe Development of Information Technology in the Of ce,” in Gendered by Design? Information Technology and Of ce Systems, ed. Eileen Green, Jenny Owen, and Den Pain (London: Taylor and Francis, 1993), 119.37. “Intensive Sales Training Program Precedes MT/ST Announcement,” IBM News, June 29, 1964, 3.38. “Ed Reps to Give Demonstrations at MT/ST Centers,” IBM News, June 29, 1964, 1, 2.39. Ibid.40. In this the MT/ST bears some resemblance to Monotype technology,which had been available in the typesetting industry for decades. With a Monotype system, the operator uses a typewriter-style keyboard to punch codes onto a paper ribbon or tape, which then becomes the basis for casting individual sorts for printing. (The most immediate contrast is to linotype printing, where hot metal slugs are cast directly from the keyboard’s input.) The Monotype thus operated according to the princi- ples of what we have been calling suspended inscription. Operators would need to be thinking about their tapes while they made and corrected errors at the keyboard.41. Training Manual 1, IBM Magnetic Tape Selectric Typewriter Model II/ Basic Model IV (IBM Of ce Products Division), 46.42. William S. Burroughs, The Ticket That Exploded (New York: Grove Press, 1967), 208–209. The quotation is from “The Invisible Generation” section,  rst published in the Los Angeles Free Press the year before.43. Ibid., 207, for example.
Notes to Pages 180-185 30744. See DeLoca and Kalow, The Romance Division, 87.45. For more on Ballistrini and the “Tape Mark I” poems, see Christopher T.Funkhouser, Prehistoric Digital Poetry: An Archeology of Forms, 1959–1995(Tuscaloosa: University of Alabama Press, 2007), 12, 41–42.46. Training Manual 1, i.47. Deighton, email to the author, October 21, 2012.48. Ray Hammond, The Writer and the Word Processor (London: Coronet,1984), 217.49. See TheManBookerPrize.com, July 29, 2015, http://www.themanbookerprize.com/press-releases/man-booker-prize-announces-2015-longlist.50. Ellenor Handley, email to the author, February 6, 2012.51. Deighton, Bomber, 473–474.52. Although ASCII existed, the MT/ST instead used a proprietary seven-bitencoding standard known as “Kentucky code.” This also limited its compatibility with IBM’s mainframe computer systems, which used yet another proprietary encoding schema, EBCDIC. See DeLoca and Kalow, The Romance Division, 90.53. Anderson and Trotter, Word Processing, 19.54. Price and Thurschwell, Literary Secretaries/Secretarial Culture, 2.55. Hammond, The Writer and the Word Processor, 217–218.56. Handley, email to the author, February 5, 2012.57. Deighton, Bomber, 86.9. Reveal Codes1. John Barth, The Book of Ten Nights and a Night (New York: Houghton Mif in, 2004), 4–5. In two of the stories, “Click” (1997) and “The Rest of Your Life” (2000), the characters’ personal computers  gure as plot devices.2. Joan Didion, The Year of Magical Thinking (New York: Vintage, 2006), 3.3. See Gary Snyder, “Why I Take Good Care of My Macintosh,” IT Times 6,no. 4 (January 1998), http://ittimes.ucdavis.edu/v6n4jan98/snyder.html. The poem originally appeared in Turn-Around Times in March 1988. At that time Snyder worked on a Macintosh Plus, and he has been a loyal Apple user ever since. See also John Markoff, “Digital Muse for Beat Poet,” New York Times, January 22, 2010, http://www.nytimes.com/2010/01/22 /technology/personaltech/22sfbriefs.html), which reports on Snyder’s looking forward to receiving an iPad—and incorrectly states that the “Macintosh” poem is previously unpublished.
308 Notes to Pages 185-1874. See Charles Bukowski, The Captain Is Out to Lunch and the Sailors Have Taken Over the Ship (New York: HarperCollins, 1998), for numerous examples.5. Charles Bukowski, “My Computer,” Bone Palace Ballet (Boston: Black Sparrow Press, 1997), 309. It is followed by a poem entitled “Thanks to the Computer.”6. The drawing, signed 1995,  rst appeared in Bukowski, Captain Is Out to Lunch, 56.7. Michael Fried, “Macintosh,” in The Late Derrida, ed. W. J. T. Mitchell and Arnold I. Davidson (Chicago: University of Chicago Press, 2007), 208.8. A development not strictly limited to word processing software. Jennifer Egan’s A Visit from the Goon Squad (2010) includes a chapter written as a PowerPoint presentation. There have been several epistolary email novels, such as Matt Beaumont’s E (2000). Jessica Grose’s Sad Desk Salad (2012) incorporates chat balloons and other online iconography.9. Don DeLillo, Mao II (New York: Penguin, 1991), 137–138.10. Really almost a novella, it is reprinted in Varley, Blue Champagne(New York: Ace, 1986), 230–290.11. Russell Hoban, The Medusa Frequency (New York: Atlantic MonthlyPress, 1987), 8.12. Tao Lin, Shoplifting from American Apparel (Brooklyn: Melville House,2009), 27. Similarly, in an online video interview he explains how the characters in his novel Richard Yates (2010) came to be named after child-actor stars Haley Joel Osment and Dakota Fanning: “About a year into writing it the characters names were Dan and Michelle or something like that. And I just probably was talking on Gmail chat to someone and I was like, ‘I should just name them Haley Joel Osment and Dakota Fanning.’ And they seemed into that. And I seemed into that. So I did Microsoft Find and Replace and did that.” See Emily Gould, “Cooking the Books—Episode 15—Tao Lin,” October 13, 2010, https://www .youtube.com/watch?v=d2BJSV8Q1Yw.13. The four novels composing the tetralogy were initially published sepa- rately, beginning with A Star Shines over Mt. Morris Park in 1994 (the last two appeared posthumously after Roth’s death in 1995). All citations in the paragraph that follows are to the collected edition, Mercy of a Rude Stream: The Complete Novels (New York: Liveright, 2014), Kindle ed.14. Roth, Mercy, Kindle loc. 6802.15. Ibid., Kindle loc. 4847. Adam Bradley has noted that Roth’s history withhis word processor represents a counterpoint to the career of Ralph Ellison. Roth’s  rst novel, Call It Sleep (1934), had been hailed by Irving Howe and other critics as a major contribution to American modernism as
Notes to Pages 187-191 309well as Jewish American literature. As with Ellison—notes Bradley— there was widespread anticipation for a second novel, which as the years (and decades) passed seemed increasingly unlikely to appear. Unlike Ellison, however, Roth seems to have  nally found his voice with the aid of his word processor, producing many thousands of pages in the  nal decade of his life, enough for six additional novels (four of which compose the Mercy cycle), all of which have since been published. See Bradley, Ralph Ellison in Progress (New Haven, CT: Yale University Press, 2010), 34–35. Con rmation of Roth’s use of an IBM PC Jr. is from Felicia Steele, email to the author, August 10, 2015.16. Roth, Mercy, Kindle loc. 8272.17. The naming of typewriters was not completely unknown, but the practiceis far more commonplace with computers, not least because manufac- turers encourage users to bestow a unique name onto their hard drives and computers for purposes of network identi cation.18. Roth, Mercy, Kindle loc. 4793. The next line mentions Wallace Stevens.19. Jerry Pournelle, interview with the author, December 27, 2011.20. Jesse Kellerman, Potboiler (New York: Putnam’s, 2012). All references areto this edition.21. Ibid., Kindle loc. 270.22. Ibid., 763.23. Ibid., 954.24. Ibid., 1590.25. Ibid., 1606.26. Ibid., 1644.27. For more on the particulars of erasing magnetic media, see MatthewKirschenbaum, Mechanisms: New Media and the Forensic Imagination(Cambridge, MA: MIT Press, 2008), 25–71.28. William Gibson and Bruce Sterling, The Difference Engine (New York:Ballantine Books, 2011), 488.29. William Gibson, “The Art of Fiction No. 211,” interviewed by DavidWallace-Wells, Paris Review, Summer 2011, http://www.theparisreview.org/interviews/6089/the-art-of- ction-no-211-william-gibson.30. See Carolyn Kellogg, “Pride and Prejudice and Zombies, by SethGrahame-Smith,” LA Times, April 4, 2009, http://www.latimes.com/entertainment/la-et-zombies4-2009apr04-story.html.31. In July 2015 New York Times columnist David Brooks wrote what manyreaders took to be a condescending review addressed to Ta-Nehisi Coates for his recent non ction book Between the World and Me (2015). Brooks had unselfconsciously arrogated the device of the open letter that Coates had used to frame his own work, and this may have exacerbated online
310 Notes to Pages 192-193reaction. Parody texts quickly emerged, with bloggers copying and pasting Brooks’s column and then thematically modifying the prose while retaining its key signposting language. One of the best-known of the parodies has Brooks writing a review of a Thai restaurant on Yelp: “Maybe the right white response is just silence for a change. In any case, Pad Basil has  lled my belly unforgettably. Three stars,” it concludes, bitingly. See http://avidly.lareviewofbooks.org/2015/07/17/david-brooks-writes-a-yelp -review-of-the-new-thai-restaurant/. The point, once again, is that the facility with which the underlying textual operations can be conducted— copying and pasting from an electronic source, then modifying the prose locally throughout by working directly from the original base text— encourages distinct forms of textual expression, in this case in the service of parody and critique. The Thai restaurant review and its sibling texts were instantly recognizable as Brooks’s column, even as their particulars amused with their seemingly arbitrary implausibility. These productions are the textual equivalent of the animated GIFs and YouTube memes that routinely circulate on the Internet in the wake of a politician’s gaffe or some celebrity outrage.32. Interestingly, much the same observation is manifest in the practices of educators who have experimented with role-playing and other mecha- nisms as surrogates for traditional literary interpretation. Perhaps the best-known exemplar is the Ivanhoe game, originally conceptualized by Johanna Drucker and Jerome McGann. Playing Ivanhoe can take a variety of forms, but in practice it requires participants to overwrite portions of a source text—such as Sir Walter Scott’s eponymous novel— in order to effect “interventions, changes, additions, and commentaries in the discourse  eld of an imaginative work.” The point of such inter- ventions, insists McGann, “is not to develop readings or interpretations of Ivanhoe but to refashion and reshape its materials in ways that replicate the explanatory operations played out in the original story and in the material works that transmit the story to us.” See McGann and Drucker, “The Ivanhoe Game,” nd., http://www2.iath.virginia.edu/jjm2f /old/IGamehtm.html. See also McGann, Radiant Textuality: Literature after the World Wide Web (New York: Palgrave Macmillan, 2001), 209–231; and Drucker, Speclab: Digital Aesthetics and Projects in Speculative Computing (Chicago: University of Chicago Press, 2009), 65–97.33. Seth Grahame-Smith, quoted in Kellogg, “Pride, Prejudice and Zombies.”34. Haruki Murakami, 1Q84 (New York: Knopf, 2011), 25.35. Ibid., 68.36. Ibid., 69.
Notes to Pages 193-196 31137. Ibid., 364.38. Ibid., 365.39. Andrew Ferguson, “Word Processing and Parallel Worlds in HarukiMurakami’s 1Q84,” Science Fiction Research Association (April 2013); emphasis in original. Ferguson’s  ne paper, from which my discussion of 1Q84 has greatly bene tted, adds many additional details derived from both a close reading of the novel and the technical particulars of word processing with Japanese character sets. I am grateful for his sharing it with me.40. See Nanette Gottlieb, Word-Processing Technology in Japan: Kanji and the Keyboard (London: Routledge, 2000), 63–64.41. See Jay Rubin, Haruki Murakami and the Music of Words (London: Vintage, 2002), 167, 191; Gottlieb, Word-Processing Technology in Japan, 149, concurs with regard to Kōbō Abe.42. Jerry Pournelle, User’s Guide to Small Computers (Wake Forest, NC: Baen, 1984), 318.43. Journalist Steve Levy attests to sitting in on a New York City users’ group meeting when  ction writers discussed workarounds for this particular problem. The best solution, they agreed, would be to write very short chapters. See Levy, Insanely Great: The Life and Times of Macintosh, the Computer That Changed Everything (New York: Penguin, 1994), 189.44. See Levy, Insanely Great, for one of the standard histories of Macintosh.45. 1984 was also the year William Gibson published Neuromancer. Shatter, too, very much spoke to the sensibility of the cyberpunk genre. In anafterword to a reprint edition written in 1988, Gillis says about their own book: “It’s science  ction of a different sort, too—telling a story about a world changed by technology in a way that was simply impossible two years previously. The future, after all, is not just another stage setting for stories; like the man said, it’s where we’re going to spend the rest of our lives. And if we’re not careful (and who is?) we’ll  nd the future is cropping up all around us.” Quoted in Peter Gillis and Mike Saenz, Shatter (San Francisco: AiT/Planet Lar, 2006), np.46. Ibid.47. The story is recounted in Walter Isaacson, Steve Jobs (New York: Simonand Schuster, 2011), 130–131.48. Rudy VanderLans and Zuzana Licko, with Mary E. Gray, Émigré (theBook): Graphic Design into the Digital Realm (New York: Van NostrandReinhold, 1993), 18.49. Richard A. Lanham, The Electronic Word: Democracy, Technology, andthe Arts (Chicago: University of Chicago Press, 1993), 4–5.
312 Notes to Pages 196-19950. Joel Rose and Catherine Texier, introduction to Between C&D: New Writing from the Lower East Side Fiction Magazine (London: Penguin, 1988), ix.51. See Harold Love, Scribal Publication in Seventeenth-Century England (Oxford: Clarendon Press; New York: Oxford University Press, 1993); Peter Stallybrass, “Printing and the Manuscript Revolution,” in Explorations in Communication and History, ed. Barbie Zelizer (Abingdon, UK: Routledge, 2008), 111–118; and Stallybrass, “‘Little Jobs’: Broadsides and the Printing Revolution,” in Agent of Change: Print Culture Studies after Elizabeth L. Eisenstein, ed. Sabrina Alcorn Baron, Eric N. Lindquist, and Eleanor F. Shevlin (Amherst: University of Massachusetts Press, 2007), 315–341.52. Gay Talese, A Writer’s Life (New York: Random House, 2006), 45.53. Ibid., 42.54. Interview with Kamau Brathwaite, Talk Yuh Talk: Interviews with Anglo-phone Caribbean Poets, ed. Kwame Dawes (Charlottesville: University Pressof Virginia, 2001), 37.55. Publishers who take on the challenge of printing Brathwaite’s worktypically use scans of camera-ready proofs that he provides, resulting in a photo-offset process. But Brathwaite is also emphatic about the physical size of his books as an element in their presentation, and has often had to compromise to accept standardized dimensions; thus his use of his own Savacou imprint for books such as SHAR / Hurricane Poem and Bara- bajan Poems. The tension between the computer as an instrument of composition and the constraints of normalized publishing practices in the industry at large is thematized in Brathwaite’s work as part of Caliban’s fraught relationship to Prospero.56. For a thorough discussion of the Prospero and Caliban  gures in Brath- waite’s poetics, see Elaine Savory, “Returning to Sycorax / Prospero’s Response: Kamau Brathwaite’s Word Journey,” in The Art of Kamau Brathwaite, ed. Stewart Brown (Mid Glamorgan: Poetry Wales Press, 1995), 208–230.57. Stewart Brown, interview with Kamau Brathwaite, Kyk-over-al 40 (1989): 84–93. Quoted in Stewart Brown, “‘Writin in Light’: Orality-thru- Typography, Kamau Brathwaite’s Sycorax Video Style,” in The Pressures of the Text: Orality, Texts, and the Telling of Tales, ed. Stewart Brown, Birmingham University African Studies Series No. 4 (Birmingham: Centre of West African Studies, University of Birmingham, 1995), Kindle loc. 2823.58. Brown, “ ‘Writin in Light,’ ” Kindle loc. 2823.59. Ibid., 2994.60. Carrie Noland, “Remediation and Diaspora: Kamau Brathwaite’s VideoStyle,” in Diasporic Avant-Gardes: Experimental Poetics and Cultural
Notes to Pages 199-200 313Displacement, ed. Carrie Noland and Barrett Watten (New York: Palgrave,2009), 78.61. Ibid., 86–87.62. Ignacio Infante, After Translation: The Transfer and Circulation ofModern Poetics across the Atlantic (New York: Fordham University Press, 2013), 167–168. Infante also explicitly identi es Brathwaite’s writing as “electronic poetry” (despite the fact that readers always encounter it printed on paper); similarly, Cynthia James aligns Brathwaite’s work with hypertext, a digital form usually associated with white Western authors. See James, “Caliban in Y2K? Hypertext and New Pathways,” in For the Geography of a Soul: Emerging Perspectives on Kamau Brathwaite, ed. Timothy J. Reiss (Trenton, NJ: Africa World Press, 2001), 351–361.63. Brathwaite also sometimes identi es his computer as Stark, which doubles as the name of Caliban’s sister in his writings. See Rhonda Cobham, “K / Ka / Kam / Kama / Kamau: Brathwaite’s Project of Self-Naming,” in Reiss, For the Geography of a Soul, 306–307.64. The Kaypro is mentioned in several places in Brathwaite’s writing, notably in The Zea Mexican Diary: 7 Sept 1926—7 Sept 1986 (Madison: Univer- sity of Wisconsin Press, 1993), 32–33; there he relates its frequent use by Doris until her condition grew too severe for her to sit at the keyboard. On the seemingly dormant website for the Caribbean literary journal Savacou that Brathwaite founded in 1970, there is a tantalizing note appended to the description of the  nal issue (14/15) published in 1979: “This is the  rst Savacou publication generated by Sycorax, in this case Zea Mexican’s Kaypro computer—the  rst such printing / book design / publishing technical development in the Caribbean.” This claim, unfortu- nately, is ahistorical—the  rst Kaypro model was not released until 1982. Perhaps there was an even earlier computer of unknown pedigree that is here misidenti ed as Doris’s Kaypro; regrettably, I have been unable to arrive at a con dent explanation.65. Kamau Brathwaite, “X / Self’s Xth Letters from the Thirteen Provinces,” X / Self (Oxford: Oxford University Press, 1987), 80–87. As is Brathwaite’s practice, the poem has been remediated (I follow Carrie Noland in using this term) at least two other times: in Middle Passages (1994) under the title “Letter Sycora X” and again in Ancestors (2001); both of these latter presentations incorporate the Sycorax Video Style. All citations here are from the 1987 text. See Noland, “Remediation and Diaspora,” for a close reading of the differences between versions, including Noland’s experimental attempts to reproduce Brathwaite’s layouts on her own computer. See also Kelly Baker Josephs, “Versions of X / Self: Kamau Brathwaite’s Caribbean Discourse,” Anthurium: A Caribbean Studies Journal 1, no. 1 (December 2003): art. 4.
314 Notes to Pages 201-20466. Whether the typographically normalized presentation was a function of the only-gradual maturation of the Sycorax Video Style (then at its inception) or of limitations imposed by Brathwaite’s publisher at the time, Oxford University Press, has been a subject of debate. See Elaine Savory, “Returning to Sycorax / Prospero’s Response: Kamau Brathwaite’s Word Journey,” in Brown, Art of Kamau Brathwaite, 218–222.67. As recounted in SHAR / Hurricane Poem (Kingston, JM: Savacou Publications, 1990).68. Kamau Brathwaite, “Dream Chad,” in Dream Stories (New York: Longman, 1994), 48.69. Ibid.70. Ibid., 49.71. Ibid.72. The colophon to Brathwaite’s Barabajan Poems (1994) indicates that heworked on that manuscript’s  rst version with his Eagle through January 1989 and began using “Sycorax”—his Macintosh—for a second version in April of the same year.73. Vanderlans and Licko, Émigré, 23.74. Kamau Brathwaite, “Hawk,” in Born to Slow Horses (Middletown, CT:Wesleyan University Press, 2005), 97.75. For one recent consideration of this phenomenon see Alexander Starre,Metamedia: American Book Fictions and Literary Print Culture after Digitization (Iowa City: University of Iowa Press, 2015). Starre discusses Danielewski, Eggers, and Foer, among other authors and book designers.76. See Lily Brewer, “The Function of Kittler’s ‘Ceasura’ in Mark Z. Danielewski’s House of Leaves,” August 4, 2013, http://www.lilybrewer.com /the-function-of-kittlers-caesura-in-mark-z-danielewskis-house-of-leaves.77. See, for example, Michael Bierut, “McSweeney’s No. 13 and the Revenge of the Nerds,” The Design Observer Group [blog], May 29, 2004, http:// designobserver.com/feature/mcsweeneys-no-13-and-the-revenge-of-the -nerds/2247.78. The Gates of Paradise can be accessed in its entirety online. See http://www.thegatesofparadise.com/, accessed August 19, 2015.79. David Daniels, quoted in John Strausbaugh, “David Daniels: The Shapes of Things,” New York Press, August 2000, http://www.thegatesofparadise .com/John%20Strausbaugh%20Review.htm.80. Elisabeth Tonnard, email to the author, December 27, 2011.81. See Elisabeth Tonnard, “Let us go then, you and I,” Elisabeth Tonnard(blog), March 17, 2008, http://elisabethtonnard.com/works/let-us-go-then -you-and-i/.
Notes to Pages 204-207 31582. See Bang’s sequence of poems composed from Mrs. Dalloway, “Let’s Say Yes,” in The Last Two Seconds (Minneapolis: Graywolf Press, 2015) and Rue e, A Little White Shadow (Seattle: Wave Books, 2006).83. For more on Goldsmith and conceptual poetry, see Scott Pound, “Ken- neth Goldsmith and the Poetics of Information,” PMLA 130, no. 2(March 2015): 315–330; Marjorie Perloff, Unoriginal Genius: Poetry by Other Means in the New Century (Chicago: University of Chicago Press, 2010); and Goldsmith, Uncreative Writing (New York: Columbia Univer- sity Press, 2011). Goldsmith’s claim that he presents his conceptualist texts verbatim has come under scrutiny in the wake of his extremely controver- sial reading of Michael Brown’s autopsy report—edited for “literary” effect, by Goldsmith’s own admission—at a poetry event at Brown University in March 2015.84. Kenneth Goldsmith, quoted in Perloff, Unoriginal Genius, 164.85. See Brian Kim Stefans, Kluge: A Meditation and Other Works (New York:Roof Books, 2007), 71–78.86. See “Changes in Word 2010,” Microsoft Of ce, Technet, last modi edMay 5, 2012, https://technet.microsoft.com/en-us/library/cc179199.87. Matthew Fuller, artist’s statement as emailed to the author, March 20, 2012.88. See Word Perhect online at http://wordperhect.net/.89. James P. Ascher, “Bibliographical Awareness in Art: Joel Swanson’sSpacebar,” Media Archaeology Lab, December 3, 2013, http:// mediaarchaeologylab.com/bibliographical-awareness-art-joel-swansons -spacebar/.90. See Paul Saenger, Space between Words: The Origins of Silent Reading (Stanford, CA: Stanford University Press, 1997).91. In this word processing is surely fully compatible with one of the most widely read recent testaments to the “perennial arti ce of the literary,” as I have made bold to call it: David Shields’s Reality Hunger: A Manifesto (New York: Knopf, 2010), a book-length collage- and montage-based exposition of what he terms “the simultaneous bypassing and stalking of arti ce-making machinery” (172).10. What Remains1. Ray Hammond, The Writer and the Word Processor (London: Coronet, 1984), 220.2. Frank Herbert with Max Barnard, Without Me You’re Nothing: The Essential Guide to Home Computers (New York: Simon and Schuster, 1980), 202.
316 Notes to Pages 207-2103. See John Vance, “Lurulu Completed,” February 2003, The Vance Integral Edition Project (VIE; archived PDF), accessed August 19, 2015, http://www.integralarchive.org/cosmo/Cosmopolis-35.pdf.4. See Piers Anthony, “Author’s Note,” in Wielding a Red Sword (New York: Ballantine Books, 1986), 289–290.5. See J. D. Reed and Jeanne North, “Plugged-In Prose,” Time, August 10, 1981.6. Ibid.7. Alice Munro, quoted in Cara Feinberg, “Bringing Life to Life,” Atlantic,December 1, 2001, http://www.theatlantic.com/entertainment/archive/2001/12/bringing-life-to-life/378234/.8. “Ten Rules for Writing Fiction,” The Guardian, February 19, 2010,http://www.theguardian.com/books/2010/feb/20/ten-rules-for-writing- ction-part-one.9. Anthony Day and Marjorie Miller, “Gabo Talks,” Los Angeles Times,September 2, 1990, http://articles.latimes.com/1990-09-02/magazine/tm-2003_1_his-labyrinth-nobel-prize-novel.10. Rita Aero and Barbara Elman, “The ABC’s of Word Processing,” inDigital Deli, ed. Steve Ditlea (New York: Workman, 1984), 166.11. See “A Conversation with Anne Rice,” TheVampireLestat.net, accessedAugust 19, 2015, last modi ed, September 6, 2002, http://www .thevampirelestat.net/page%2032.htm. It appears that Rice eventually got out of this habit. See Janet McConnaughey, “Rice Bids Farewell to Lestat,” Los Angeles Times, January 2, 2004; she apparently still works in WordStar, but she claims not to print anything out until the end. The change in routine may have cost her. On Facebook on May 8, 2012, she commented: “I was writing one of the scariest most intense scenes I’ve written of late. I was saving regularly, but I was several pages out there and a dark  lm came down over my screen with the message: ‘You need to Restart your computer.’ Nothing else was possible. Did the computer know how intense this scene was? Well, I lost only a few paragraphs. But why did this happen? Never before I have gotten such a message from the mysterious innards of my monstrous Mac computer.”12. T. Coraghessen Boyle, “Boxing Up,” New Yorker, April 9, 2012, http://www.newyorker.com/books/page-turner/boxing-up.13. Jennifer Howard, “In Electric Discovery, Scholar Finds Trove of Walt Whitman Documents in National Archives,” Chronicle of Higher Educa- tion, April 12, 2011, http://chronicle.com/article/In-Electric-Discovery -Scholar/127096/.14. Ibid.15. Jennifer Howard, “U. of Texas Snags Archive of ‘Cyberpunk’ LiteraryPioneer Bruce Sterling,” Chronicle of Higher Education, March 8, 2011, http://m.chronicle.com/article/U-of-Texas-Snags-Archive-of/126654/.
Notes to Pages 210-213 31716. For example, Bryan Bergeron, Dark Ages II: When the Digital Data Die (New York: Pearson, 2001).17. See Rachel Donadio, “Literary Letters, Lost in Cyberspace,” New York Times Book Review, September 4, 2005, http://www.nytimes.com/2005 /09/04/books/review/04DONADIO.html.18. Maxine Hong Kingston, The Fifth Book of Peace (New York: Vintage, 2003), 3.19. Ibid., 61.20. Ibid., 34.21. Ibid., 61.22. Ibid., 31.23. Ibid. The detail about the Epson comes from Neila C. Seshachari,“Reinventing Peace: Conversations with Tripmaster Maxine Hong Kingston,” Weber: The Contemporary West 12, no. 1 (Winter 1995), http://weberstudies.weber.edu/archive/archive%20B%20Vol.%2011-16.1 /Vol.%2012.1/12.1KingstonInterview.htm. Kingston also relates that after the  re, “a woman was sitting in church, and she said a vision came to her in church. The vision was, she remembered she saw me on television and I was using an Epson QX10 computer and she had an old Epson QX10 at home she wasn’t using. A vision came to her in church, Give Maxine your computer. So here’s this woman at the door. She gave me a computer.”24. Kingston, The Fifth Book of Peace, 61.25. Ibid., 39.26. Ibid.27. Media philosopher John Durham Peters has adopted the air as somethingof his native element. See his Speaking into the Air: A History of the Idea of Communication (Chicago: University of Chicago Press, 1999), and especially his The Marvelous Clouds: Toward a Philosophy of Elemental Media (Chicago: University of Chicago Press, 2015).28. Seshachari, “Reinventing Peace.”29. Leslie A. Morris, “Harold Brodkey’s Printout,” New York Times, July 18,1993, http://www.nytimes.com/1993/07/18/books/l-harold-brodkey-s-printout-069093.html.30. See Matthew Kirschenbaum, “The Book-Writing Machine,” Slate,March 1, 2013, http://www.slate.com/articles/arts/books/2013/03/len _deighton_s_bomber_the_ rst_book_ever_written_on_a_word_processor .single.html.31. Edward Milward-Oliver, email to the author, March 26, 2013.32. Ellenor Handley recalls: “One of the early ‘faults’ was a tendency for thepaper to continue rolling after it should have  nished with hundreds of ‘carriage returns’ setting up a sort of . . . Sorcerer’s Apprentice effect.” Email to the author, February 5, 2012.
318 Notes to Pages 213-21633. Details in these last three paragraphs are based on my email correspon- dence with Milward-Oliver, Ellenor Handley, and the anonymous collector, March–September, 2013.34. As described in the online  nding aid for Clifton’s papers at MARBL. The hard copies were in turn scanned in order to create searchable PDF  les for researchers to access. See  ndingaids.library.emory.edu/documents /clifton1054/series11/.35. William Gibson, Pattern Recognition (New York: Putnam, 2002), 216.36. Marsha DeFilippo, interview with the author, March 20, 2012.37. Lev Grossman, “Jonathan Franzen: Great American Novelist,” Time,August 12, 2010, http://content.time.com/time/magazine/article/0,9171,2010185,00.html.38. Jacques Derrida, “The Word Processor,” in Paper Machine, trans. RachelBowlby (Stanford, CA: Stanford University Press, 1995), 29.39. Rushdie, quoted in Conversations with Salman Rushdie, ed. MichaelReder (Oxford: University Press of Mississippi, 2000), 172–173.40. For one of the many press accounts of Rushdie’s computers at Emory,see Patricia Cohen, “Fending Off Digital Decay, Bit by Bit,” New York Times, March 16, 2010, http://www.nytimes.com/2010/03/16/books /16archive.html. For a professional description of the conservation work by the archivists who were involved, see Laura Carroll et al., “A Com- prehensive Approach to Born-Digital Archives,” Archivaria 72 (Fall 2011): 61–92.41. See Jay David Bolter, Writing Space: The Computer, Hypertext, and the History of Writing (Hillsdale, NJ: Erlbaum, 1991).42. The key historical document here is Von Neumann’s First Draft Report on the EDVAC, Contract No. W-670-ORD-4926 between the United States Army Ordinance Department and the University of Pennsylvania Moore School of Electrical Engineering, June 30, 1945.43. See Rowan Wilken’s excellent essay “Peter Carey’s Laptop,” Cultural Studies Review 20, no. 1 (2014): 100–120.44. For more on the working relationship between Mailer and McNally, see Gabriela Redwine, “Tracking Harlot’s Ghost across Media,” Rough Cuts: Media and Design in Process, June 4, 2012, http://mediacommons .futureofthebook.org/tne/pieces/tracking-harlots-ghost-across-media. For Michael Joyce’s computers, see Kirschenbaum, Mechanisms: New Media and the Forensic Imagination (Cambridge, MA: MIT Press, 2008), chap. 4.45. According to Larry Rohter, “García Márquez: Words into Film,” New York Times, August 13, 1989, http://www.nytimes.com/1989/08/13/movies /garcia-marquez-words-into- lm.html.
Notes to Pages 216-218 31946. Jennifer Schuessler, “Gabriel García Márquez Archives Goes to University of Texas,” New York Times, November 24, 2014, http://www.nytimes.com /2014/11/24/books/gabriel-garca-mrquezs-archive-goes-to-university-of -texas.html.47. Charles McGrath, “The Afterlife of Stieg Larsson,” New York Times,May 23, 2010, http://www.nytimes.com/2010/05/23/magazine/23Larsson-t .html. See also Elaine Sciolino, “A Word from Stieg Larsson’s Partner, and Would-Be Collaborator,” New York Times, February 17, 2011, http:// artsbeat.blogs.nytimes.com/2011/02/17/a-word-from-stieg-larssons-partner -and-would-be-collaborator/.48. Rachel P. Maines and James J. Glynn, “Numinous Objects,” Public Historian 15, no. 1 (Winter 1993): 9–25.49. Barry Longyear, email to the author, December 17, 2014.50. Jerry Pournelle, “The User’s Column,” Byte, March 1983.51. Ibid.52. Ibid.53. Ibid.54. Ibid.55. See “Information Age: People, Information and Technology,” Smithsonian.com, accessed August 19, 2015, http://www.si.edu/Exhibitions/Details/Information-Age-People-Information-and-Technology-4069.56. Letter from Jon Eklund to Pournelle, August 24, 1990, “The Information Age: People, Information and Technology” exhibit, Smithsonian NationalMuseum of American History, Washington DC, May 9, 1990.57. Jerry Pournelle, email to the author, January 11, 2012.58. See Kamau Brathwaite, The Zea Mexican Diary: 7 Sept 1926–7 Sept 1986(Madison: University of Wisconsin Press, 1993), 33, 73.59. Kamau Brathwaite, “Dream Chad,” in Dream Stories (New York:Longman, 1994), 50; emphasis in original. That the hurricane destroyed Brathwaite’s personal archives in the damage it in icted on his home in Jamaica is lore that has been repeated by some critics and scholars, but the text of the 1993 preface to “Dream Chad” suggests otherwise: “I found that somehow that part of the houm that had housed the Eagle & the archives etc had somehow miraculously survived the storm” (49). He goes on to describe the increasing urgency he felt to make arrangements to safeguard his archives, “as Yale (1991) had so generously invited me to do” (50). I myself do not know what contingencies may exist for Brath- waite’s archives.60. See Ignacio Infante, After Translation: The Transfer and Circulation of Modern Poetics across the Atlantic (New York: Fordham University Press,
320 Notes to Pages 218-2212013), 163. Or as Carrie Noland succinctly puts it, “a soft mother and a hard drive”: Noland, “Remediation and Diaspora: Kamau Brathwaite’s Video Style,” in Diasporic Avant-Gardes: Experimental Poetics and Cultural Displacement, ed. Carrie Noland and Barrett Watten (New York: Palgrave, 2009), 87.61. Infante, After Translation, 169. Infante refers to this archival capability as a “virtual temporality in which any point in time can be retraced and accessed instantaneously” (170). Not incidentally—though the SE/30 itself long predates it—Apple’s current backup system for its computers is named Time Machine.62. The key document from Brathwaite in regard to these events is entitled “Cultural Lynching or how to dis. man. tle the artist”; it was transmitted in an email message dated September 23, 2011, to the British poet and artist Tom Raworth (see http://tomraworth.com/SCPCL.pdf.)63. See AirBorne, “Kamau Brathwaite Disgraced Abroad and at Home, Where Is the Justice? Literary Icon of Barbados Reports Continuous Theft of Memoirs and Souvenirs—NY Police Ignore Claims,” Bajan Reporter, March 16, 2010, http://www.bajanreporter.com/2010/03/kamau -brathwaite-disgraced-abroad-and-at-home-where-is-justice-literary-icon -of-barbados-reports-continuous-theft-of-memoirs-and-souvenirs -%E2%80%93-ny-police-ignore-claims/.64. Brathwaite, “Cultural Lynching”; emphasis in original.65. Timothy Reiss, email to the author, August 28, 2015.66. Amy Tan (@AmyTan), tweet to the author (@mkirschenbaum), October 15,2014.67. See Charles R. Acland, ed., Residual Media (Minneapolis: University ofMinnesota Press, 2007). Debates over whether to replace the  oppy icon are a staple on tech blogs and discussion forums. Connor (Tomas) O’Brien considers the issue from the standpoint of graphic designand notes that the  oppy’s distinctive shape, with one beveled corner, contributes to the icon’s being uniquely recognizable: see O’Brien, “In Defence of the Floppy Disk Save Symbol,” Connortomas.com, April 2013, http://connortomas.com/2013/04/in-defence-of-the- oppy-disk -save-symbol/.68. See Jeff Jarvis, “Goodbye CTRL-S,” Medium.com, May 20, 2014, https://medium.com/change-objects/goodbye-ctrl-s-8f424e463dbe.69. Jason Scott, “Floppy Disks: It’s Too Late,” ASCII (blog), July 12, 2011, http://ascii.text les.com/archives/3191.70. The diskettes can also be viewed online: “Exhibition of Abe Kobo at Tyohu City,” posted by Kato Koiti, Horagai (blog), January 22, 1998, http://www.horagai.com/www/abe/xtadu.htm.
Notes to Pages 221-222 32171. These details are from Guzzardi’s editor’s note to The Salmon of Doubt: Hitchhiking the Galaxy One Last Time (New York: Del Rey Books, 2002), Kindle loc. 57. At least one of Adams’s many Macs turned up in the wild after his death, reportedly auctioned on eBay (the computer was appar- ently used predominantly by his spouse). The provenance had been unknown at the time of the sale, but as is often the case the hard drive had not been completely wiped. The buyer noticed Adams’s name associated with the registration of some of its software, and eventually found—and is presently keeping to himself—a unique draft of a TV sketch entitled “Brief Re-encounter.” See “Douglas Adams’ Mac IIfx,” VintageMacWorld.com, last modi ed October 14, 2008, http://www .vintagemacworld.com/iifx.html.72. Guzzardi, “Editor’s Note,” Kindle loc. 65. Guzzardi thus elected to produce what textual scholars would call an eclectic edition, eschewing  delity to any one single historical instance of the work in favor of his considered estimation of the author’s intentions.73. David Foster Wallace, quoted in D. T. Max, Every Love Story Is a Ghost Story: A Life of David Foster Wallace (New York: Viking, 2012), 319n29.74. According to D. T. Max, “The Un nished,” New Yorker, March 9, 2009, http://www.newyorker.com/magazine/2009/03/09/the-un nished.75. David Foster Wallace, The Pale King (New York: Little, Brown, 2011), vi.76. Michael Pietsch, interview with the author, April 19, 2012.77. Adam Bradley, interview with the author, June 5, 2012.78. See Ralph Ellison, Three Days before the Shooting . . . , ed. John F.Callahan and Adam Bradley (New York: Modern Library, 2010). The editorial notes contain extensive commentary on the role of digital  les in establishing the text and the unique editorial conundrums thus presented. One example: two separate  les duplicate the same prose, some seven pages’ worth, but the ending of the  rst is truncated midsentence and the beginning of the second has a different opening phrasing. “Likely this was an accident in formatting,” Callahan and Bradley sensibly conclude. “It nonetheless presents a challenge to the editor wishing to present Ellison in his own words, even if those words are likely the product of an accident or oversight” (496). They thus elected to include the duplicate passage verbatim in their edition, further noting that in a subsequent printout of the two  les Ellison made no indication they were redundant. According to Bradley (in conversation), the duplicate passage was almost stricken from the  nal volume by a copy editor.79. See “Conspiracy Theories,” Dune 7 Blog, Way Back Machine (online archive), December 16, 2005, http://web.archive.org/web /20071012125808/http://dunenovels.com/dune7blog/page21.html.
322 Notes to Pages 222-22780. Ibid.81. Adam Begley, Updike (New York: HarperCollins, 2014), Kindle loc. 99.82. Chris Hall, “J. G. Ballard: Relics of a Red-Hot Mind,” The Guardian,August 4, 2011, http://www.theguardian.com/books/2011/aug/04/j-g-ballard-relics-red-hot-mind.83. I personally became aware of the “other” Updike archive shortly afterreturning the page proofs for my essay “Operating Systems of the Mind: Bibliography after Word Processing (The Example of Updike),” Papers of the Bibliographical Society of America 108, no. 4 (December 2014): 381–412, in which I discuss the importance of the then still “missing” Wang disks.84. See The Other John Updike Archive, http://johnupdikearchive.com/.85. Adrienne LaFrance, “The Man Who Made Off with John Updike’s Trash,”The Atlantic, August 28, 2014, http://www.theatlantic.com/features /archive/2014/08/the-man-who-made-off-with-john-updikes-trash /379213/.86. Ibid.87. As of this writing, Moran has not made the diskettes available for anattempt at data recovery.88. For an introduction to relevant practices and debates, see MatthewKirschenbaum, Richard Ovenden, and Gabriela Redwine, Digital Forensics and Born-Digital Content in Cultural Heritage Collections (Washington, DC: Council on Library and Information Resources, 2010), h t t p : // w w w. c l i r. o r g / p u b s / r e p o r t s / r e p o r t s / p u b14 9 / p u b14 9 . p d f .89. “Screening Process Is Paper Chase,” New York Times, March 20, 1981, http://www.nytimes.com/1981/03/20/opinion/topics-screening-processis -paper-chase-paper-chase.html.90. See Michael Hancher’s perceptive essay, “Littera Scripta Manet: Black- stone and Electronic Text,” Studies in Bibliography 54 (2001): 115–132; see also Kirschenbaum, Mechanisms, 57–58.91. Daniel Chandler, “Are We Ready for Word-Processors?,” English in Australia 79 (1987): 11–17.92. See “Philip Roth Talks to David L. Ulin,” LA Times, October 1, 2010, http://latimesblogs.latimes.com/jacketcopy/2010/10/philip-roth-talks-to -david-l-ulin.html; also William Landay, “How Writers Write: Philip Roth,” William Landay (blog), http://www.williamlanday.com/2009/06/27/how -writers-write-philip-roth/.93. See Donadio, “Literary Letters.”94. See T. S. Eliot, The Waste Land: A Facsimile and Transcript of theOriginal Drafts (New York: Harcourt, Brace, 1971); the de nitive textual history of the poem has been reconstructed by Lawrence Rainey, Revis-
Notes to Pages 228-235 323iting The Waste Land (New Haven, CT: Yale University Press, 2005);  nally, see Hannah Sullivan’s reading of the revisions, The Work of Revision (Cambridge, MA: Harvard University Press, 2013), 120–146.95. One notable example is The Mongoliad, an ongoing historical fantasy saga cowritten by Neal Stephenson and six other authors. The group used Microsoft Word and Track Changes to share drafts and comments. See Cesar Torres, “How Swords, Track Changes, and Amazon Led to The Mongoliad: Book Two,” Ars Technica, October 14, 2012, http://arstechnica .com/gaming/2012/10/14/how-swords-track-changes-and-amazon-led-to -the-mongoliad-book-two/.96. Umberto Eco and Jean-Philippe de Tonnac, This Is Not the End of the Book, trans. Polly McLean (London: Harvill Secker, 2011), 116–117.97. Jerry Pournelle, “WORMS and Friends: Words for the Ages and Pictures for the Millions,” InfoWorld, March 7, 1988, 41.98. Ibid.99. I am grateful to Naomi Nelson for furnishing me with the speci cs of thisexample.100. According to the author’s note in Machine Man (New York: Vintage, 2011);Subversion according to a tweet from @MaxBarry, June 3, 2015.101. See Max Barry, “Nuts and Bolts,” Max Barry (blog), October 5, 2011,http://maxbarry.com/2011/10/05/news.html.102. Vikram Chandra, Geek Sublime: The Beauty of Code, the Code of Beauty(Minneapolis: Graywolf Press, 2014), 134.103. Ibid., 135.104. Details in these two paragraphs are from the author’s interview with William Loizeaux, April 23, 2012. The book is Anna: A Daughter’s Life (New York: Arcade, 1993).105. Dave Eggers, The Circle (New York: Knopf, 2013), 328.106. Benjamin Moser, “In the Sontag Archives,” New Yorker, January 30, 2014,http://www.newyorker.com/books/page-turner/in-the-sontag-archives.107. See Thorsten Ries, “Hard Drive Philology: Analyzing the Writing Processon Thomas Kling’s Archived Laptops,” Digital Humanities 2014 (Laus- anne, Switzerland), http://dharchive.org/paper/DH2014/Paper-786.xml.After Word Processing1. Friedrich Kittler, Gramophone, Film, Typewriter, trans. Geoffrey Winthrop-Young (Stanford, CA: Stanford University Press, 1999), 214.2. Kittler has an essay dating from this period whose title translates as “Literature and Literary Studies as Word Processing”: “Literatur
324 Notes to Pages 235-237und Literaturwissenschaft als Word Processing,” in Germanistik- Forschungsstand und Perspektiven, ed. Georg Stötzel (Berlin: Walter de Gruyter, 1985), 410–419. Stefanie Harris reads it as symptomatic of Kittler’s by-then general abandonment of hermeneutics: “Literature is just a particular means of data processing through the medium of print and the materiality of the letter.” See Harris, Mediating Modernity: German Literature and the “New” Media, 1895–1930 (University Park: Penn State University Press, 2009), 8. According to information provided to the author by Kittler’s widow, Susanne Holl, he does not appear to have begun using a computer for regular word processing himself until perhaps as late as 1989 (email to the author May 1, 2015).3. See Umberto Eco, “The Holy War: Mac vs. DOS,” Espresso, Sep- tember 30, 1994, http://jowett.web.cern.ch/jowett/EcoMACDOS.htm.4. Thomas J. Bergin, “The Proliferation and Consolidation of Word Pro-cessing Software: 1985–1995,” IEEE Annals of the History of Computing28, no. 4 (October–December 2006): 60.5. See http://www.williamlanday.com/2009/06/27/how-writers-write-philip-roth/ and http://latimesblogs.latimes.com/jacketcopy/2010/10/philip-roth-talks-to-david-l-ulin.html.6. Michael Crichton customized a stylesheet for writing screenplays and senta description of how he did it to Microsoft. (An undated copy is present inthe Microsoft Archives in Bellevue, Washington.)7. Peter Rinearson, interview with the author, May 4, 2012.8. Charles Simonyi, interview with the author, March 13, 2012.9. See Matthew Fuller, “It Looks Like You’re Writing a Letter,” in Behindthe Blip: Essays on the Culture of Software (Brooklyn: Autonomedia,2003), 137–165.10. See Edward Mendelson, “Escape from Microsoft Word,” New YorkReview of Books, October 21, 2014, http://www.nybooks.com/blogs/ n y r b l o g / 2 0 1 4 / o c t / 2 1 / e s c a p e - m i c r o s o f t - w o r d /.11. See Charlie Stross, “Why Microsoft Word Must Die,” Charlie’s Diary(blog), October 12, 2013, http://www.antipope.org/charlie/blog-static/2013/10/why-microsoft-word-must-die.html.12. Ibid.13. My research in the marketing studies in Microsoft’s archives con rmed this.14. Len Deighton, quoted in Ray Hammond, The Writer and the Word Processor (London: Coronet, 1984), 221.15. A claim I am basing on my interviews with various contemporary writers.16. And yet, it is true that Word remains the de facto standard for submittingmanuscripts throughout the publishing industry. Inasmuch as a writer now
Notes to Pages 237-239 325faces a plethora of options when  rst creating a text, at some point before submission it will likely have to be converted to a .doc  le. Stross on this point: “But somehow, the major publishers have been browbeaten into believing that Word is the sine qua non of document production systems. They have warped and corrupted their production work ow into using Microsoft Word .doc  les as their raw substrate, even though this is a  le format ill-suited for editorial or typesetting chores” (“Why Microsoft Word Must Die”).17. See Charlie Stross, “Writing a Novel in Scrivener: Lessons Learned,” Charlie’s Diary (blog), July 11, 2012, http://www.antipope.org/charlie/blog -static/2012/07/writing-a-novel-in-scrivener-e.html.18. See Francesco Cordella’s interview with Keith Blount, “Scrivener and Me,” L’avventura è l’avventura, May 2013, http://www.avventuretestuali .com/interviste/keith-blount-english/.19. See “Testimonials for Scrivener,” Literature and Latte, https://www .literatureandlatte.com/testimonials.php.20. Virginia Heffernan, “An Interface of One’s Own,” New York Times Magazine, January 6, 2008, http://www.nytimes.com/2008/01/06 /magazine/06wwln-medium-t.html.21. Ibid.22. The politics and etiquette of social media and the expectations placedupon writers therein and thereon has been a subject of increasing conversation and controversy in the literary world. For just one entry point to the discussion, see Anne Trubek, “Only the Literary Elite Can Afford Not to Tweet,” SFGate, October 25, 2013, http://m.sfgate.com/opinion /article/Only-the-literary-elite-can-afford-not-to-tweet-4926874.php.23. In this it may be inspired by a movie scene Fuller also references, from Blown Away (1994), the otherwise forgettable Jeff Bridges and Tommy Lee Jones vehicle in which a bomb is set to explode if a typist’s pace on her word processor falls beneath a certain threshold.24. Leo Benedictus, “Write or Die: The Software That Offers Struggling Authors a Simple Choice,” The Guardian, October 7, 2014, http://www .theguardian.com/technology/shortcuts/2014/oct/07/write-or-die-software -for-struggling-authors-david-nicholls.25. See Kevin Lipe, “Markdown is the New Word 5.1,” 512 Pixels (blog), May 16, 2011, http://www.512pixels.net/blog/2011/05/markdown-new -word51.26. One of the best known of such experiments, Jennifer Egan’s “Black Box,” was serialized over Twitter for a two-week period in May 2012; it was then published in its entirety in the New Yorker’s June 4, 2012, issue. Egan initially composed it not on Twitter, however, but using a Japanese
326 Notes to Pages 239-242notebook whose pages were divided into cells approximating the length of a tweet. See “Coming Soon: Jennifer Egan’s ‘Black Box,’ ” New Yorker, May 23, 2012, http://www.newyorker.com/books/page-turner/coming-soon -jennifer-egans-black-box.27. See Norimitsu Onishi, “Thumbs Race as Japan’s Best Sellers Go Cellular,” New York Times, January 20, 2008, http://www.nytimes.com/2008/01/20 /world/asia/20japan.html.28. For one recent example of industry analysis, see Kurt Mackie, “Google Apps Making Inroads against Microsoft Of ce, Gartner Says,” Redmond Channel Partner, April 23, 2013, http://rcpmag.com/articles/2013/04/23 /google-apps-vs-microsoft-of ce.aspx.29. Since 2010 Microsoft has offered similar functionality through its Of ce Online product.30. See Silvia Hartmann’s “The Naked Writing Project,” last modi ed No- vember 11, 2012, http://silviahartmann.com/live/. The novel that resulted was called Dragon Lords: http://dragonrising.com/store/dragon_lords/.31. See Tom Hanks’s op-ed, “I Am TOM. I Like to TYPE. Hear That?,” New York Times, August 4, 2013, http://www.nytimes.com/2013/08/04/opinion /sunday/i-am-tom-i-like-to-type-hear-that.html.32. See Joanna Stern, “Handwriting Isn’t Dead—Smart Pens and Styluses Are Saving It,” Wall Street Journal (February 10, 2015), http://www.wsj .com/articles/handwriting-isnt-deadsmart-pens-and-styluses-are-saving-it -1423594704.33. See John Brownlee, “Microsoft Research Invents a Stylus That Can Read Your Mind,” Design, Fast Company, October 10, 2014, http://www .fastcodesign.com/3036931/microsoft-research-invents-a-stylus-that-can -read-your-mind?partner=rss.34. See “Hemingwrite—A Distraction Free Smart Typewriter,” Kickstarter .com, accessed August 19, 2015, https://www.kickstarter.com/projects /adamleeb/hemingwrite-a-distraction-free-digital-typewriter.35. Ibid.36. For example, Peter Swirski, From Literature to Biterature (Montreal:McGill-Queen’s University Press, 2013).37. For this last, see Shelley Poldony, “If an Algorithm Wrote This, HowWould You Even Know?,” New York Times, March 7, 2015, http://www .nytimes.com/2015/03/08/opinion/sunday/if-an-algorithm-wrote-this-how -would-you-even-know.html. This story became a minor sensation online for its quiz asking readers to guess whether sample passages were written by computers or humans.38. See Steven Johnson, “Tool for Thought,” New York Times, January 30, 2005, http://www.nytimes.com/2005/01/30/books/review/tool-for-thought.html.
Notes to Pages 242-247 32739. Richard Polt documents what he characterizes as a contemporary “typewriter insurgency”: “Our movement isn’t nostalgic, much as we love our objects from a bygone world. We insurgents are pointing a way forward to greater focus, creativity and independence. Typewriters are one way to keep the digital in perspective and keep ourselves free.” See Polt, The Typewriter Revolution: A Typist’s Companion for the 21st Century (New York: Countryman Press, 2015).40. In “developing” countries the technology of choice is not dial-up but cellular.41. There is no evidence to suggest Hersey wrote his next novel, The Walnut Door (1977), on a computer system.42. On screen essentialism, see Nick Montfort, “Continuous Paper: The Early Materiality and Workings of Electronic Literature” (2005), Nickm.com, accessed August 19, 2015, http://nickm.com/writing/essays/continuous _paper_mla.html.43. Personal correspondence from Joyce to Howard Becker, January 7, 1982, The Michael Joyce Papers, Harry Ransom Center, University of Texas at Austin.44. Please do so at http://trackchangesbook.info; see the Author’s Note.
Credits1. MT/ST prototype, 1957. Image courtesy of Leon Cooper. Reprint courtesy of International Business Machines Corporation, © (1957) International Business Machines Corporation.2. Len Deighton at work on Bomber. Photograph by Adrian Flowers. Used with permission.3. Ellenor Handley at work on the MT/ST. Photograph by Adrian Flowers. Used with permission.4. “Think Tape.” Reprint courtesy of International Business Machines Corpora- tion, © (1964) International Business Machines Corporation.5. “Death of the Dead-End Secretary” advertisement. Redactron Corporation. New York introduces Ms. The New Magazine for Women (December 20, 1971), p. 21.6. Note from Nilo Lindgren to Larry Tesler. Image courtesy of Larry Tesler. Used with permission.7. John Hersey’s My Petition for More Space. Image courtesy of Brook Hersey and the Beinecke Rare Book and Manuscript Library, Yale University. Used with permission.8. John Hersey’s notebook. Image courtesy of Brook Hersey and the Beinecke Rare Book and Manuscript Library, Yale University. Used with permission.329
3 3 0 Credits9. The 1979 debut issue of onComputing magazine Vol. 1, No. 1, Summer 1979(Peterborough, NH: onComputing, Inc.). Cover illustration by Robert Tinney. 10. Illustration from a 1982 Perfect Writer software manual. Perfect Software, Inc.11. Stanley Elkin at the “Bubble Machine.” Photograph by Lauren Chapin. Image courtesy of Joan Elkin. Used with permission.12. Caricature drawing by Jack Gaughan from “Basic Genesis” by Barry B. Longyear and Jerry Pournelle in Isaac Asimov’s Science Fiction Magazine Vol. 5, No. 8, August 3, 1981 (New York: Davis Publications, Inc.), p. 43.13. The McWilliams II Word Processor Instruction Manual by Peter A. McWilliams (Los Angeles: Prelude Press, 1983), cover.14. Stephen King with his Wang System 5 Model 3 word processor, from “I Sleep with the Lights On,” directed by Henry Nevison, University of Maine at Orono, Public Information Of ce, in association with WABI-TV, Bangor, 1982. Image courtesy of Henry Nevison Productions. Used with permission.15. “The Smartest Way to Write,” advertisement for Tandy Radio Shack’s TRS-80. BYTE Vol. 8, No. 1, January 1983 (Peterborough, NH: BYTE Publica- tions, Inc., McGraw-Hill Publications Company).16. John Updike in 1987. Copyright © Nancy Crampton. Used with permission.17. John Updike, “INVALID.KEYSTROKE,” draft. The John Updike Papers (2527), Houghton Library, Harvard University. Copyright © 1984 by John Updike, used by permission of the Wylie Agency LLC.18. Ralph Ellison in 1986. Copyright © Nancy Crampton. Used with permission. 19. Eve Kosofsky Sedgwick at work. Photographer unknown. Image courtesyof Hal Sedgwick.20. R. Crumb, “Old writer . . . leers into computer.” Copyright © Robert Crumb, 1995. Used with permission.21. One of John Updike’s “lost” Wang computer diskettes. Image courtesy of Paul Moran, Curator, The Other John Updike Archive. Used with permission.22. Ellenor Handley, 2013. Courtesy of Edward Milward-Oliver. Used with permission.
AcknowledgmentsTrack Changes was an unusual book to write in that it has been in the public eye almost from its inception. Very early on in my research, December 2011 to be exact, I was invited to give a lecture at the New York Public Library. With some glee I titled it “Stephen King’s Wang,” a line I got from William Gibson (but King himself was the  rst to make all the jokes). A reporter from the New York Times was in the audience, and afterward a story appeared in the paper about an En- glish professor’s interest in the literary history of word processing. There was a publicity cycle and soon my inbox was  ooded with tips, anecdotes, contacts, and suggestions that I never would have come by any other way. In retrospect, even though many who read that article undoubtedly feel like they have been waiting for the book for a very long time, it could not have been written without that ini- tial high-pro le burst of visibility. I am therefore enormously indebted to Doug Reside for the invitation to speak at the NYPL on that occasion, and to Jennifer Schuessler at the Times.My initial research and writing was supported by a 2011 Fellowship from the John Simon Guggenheim Memorial Foundation. I hope what is in these pages ful lls the Foundation’s trust in me. My work has also been generously supported by the University of Maryland’s Department of English. I am grateful to Don Fehr and the Trident Media Group for my representation.John Kulka at Harvard University Press has been un aggingly enthusiastic about this project from its inception. He has also been patient, present, and gen- uinely critical when called for, not least in the course of his rigorous editing of the entire manuscript—a rare gift for any author to receive. Jacques Plante at the University of Maryland brought her keen eye for detail to the crucial tasks of proo ng and formatting the manuscript and its citations, and Wendy Nelson proved an expert copy editor. Jonah Furman assiduously compiled the index. Joy331
332 AcknowledgmentsDeng, Kate Brick, and others at Harvard University Press, as well as Kim Giam- battisto at Westchester Publishing Services, have also been part of an exceptional team to work with, and have my thanks. All of these unseen hands have improved the book on every page.Several individuals extended themselves to facilitate access to archives: Donald Brinkman, Lee Dirks (RIP), and Amy Stevenson at Microsoft; Peggy Kidwell at the Smithsonian; Leslie Morris and Melanie Wisner at the Houghton; and Joel Minor at Washington University in St. Louis. Others helped furnish me with pri- mary source documents essential to my research: for this I thank Larry Bond, Leon Cooper, Joan Elkin, Lori Emerson, Thomas Haigh, Till Heilmann, Sam Kalow, Lawrence Krakauer, Edward Milward-Oliver, Paul Moran, Stephen Olsen, Gabriela Redwine, Jason Scott, Hal Sedgwick, Steve Soboroff, and Larry Tesler. Eric Cartier and his staff in the University of Maryland Libraries’ Digital Con- version and Media Reformatting department assisted with image scanning and preparation.For interviews, conversations, personal emails, or other personal communica- tions I am deeply indebted to Patricia Freed Ackerman, Roger Angell, Mary Jo Bang, Adam Begley, Evelyn Berezin, Tim Bergin, Edwin Black, Sarah Blake, Adam Bradley, David Brin, Maud Casey, Michael Chabon, Leon Cooper, Kathryn Cramer, John F. Cunningham, Andy van Dam, Marsha DeFilippo, Len Deighton, Michael Dirda, Joan Elkin, James Fallows, Sheila Finch, Robert Foot- horap, William Gibson, Kenneth Goldsmith, Eileen Gunn, Ellenor Handley, David Hartwell, Susanne Holl, William Loizeaux, Barry Longyear, Bonnie Mac- Bird, Bradford Morgan, Ted Nelson, Larry Niven, Michael Ondaatje, Michael Pietsch, Jerry Pournelle, Richard Powers, Timothy Reiss, Peter Rinearson, Sey- mour Rubinstein, Jeanne Sheldon, Charles Simonyi, Steve Soboroff, Bruce Ster- ling, Peter Straub, Don Swaim, Amy Tan, Larry Tesler, Miranda Updike, Peter Weiner, and Stuart Woods. Mention of their names here should imply absolutely no endorsement or prior review of my work: I merely wish to publicly thank some very busy people for being generous (often very generous) with their time and recollections.Jane Donaworth, Lori Emerson, Neil Fraistat, Alan Galey, Lisa Gitelman, Thomas Haigh, Lee Konstantinou, Kari Kraus, Elizabeth Losh, and Clive Thompson all read and commented on various chapters, for which they have my deepest gratitude. Edward Milward-Oliver and Darren Wershler each deserve special mention: for reading chapters, but also for their interest and generous as- sistance throughout the entirety of my research. The readers for Harvard Uni- versity Press likewise offered valuable critique and comments, which improved the whole book signi cantly. Pat Harrigan sel essly shouldered more than his share of another project to help me  nish this one.In addition—for advice, encouragement, information, and kindnesses of all kinds—I am grateful to colleagues and friends near and often far: Crystal Alberts,
Acknowledgments 333Mark Amerika, James Ascher, Matthew Battles, Paul Benzon, Jed Birmingham, Brett Bobley, Alison Booth, Suzanne Bost, Gerry Canavan, Tim Carmody, Eric Cartier, Paul Ceruzzi, Daniel Chandler, Alex Chassanoff, Tita Chico, Tanya Clement, Bill Cohen, Matt Cohen, Linda Coleman, Michael Collier, Ryan Cordell, Florian Cramer, Brian Croxall, Tyler Curtain, Gabrielle Dean, Seth Denbo, Johanna Drucker, Morris and Georgia Eaves, Jason Farman, Andrew Fer- guson, Kevin Ferguson, Ben Fino-Radin, Kathleen Fitzpatrick, Leo Flores, Amanda French, Matthew Fuller, Chris Funkhouser, Mike Furlough, Patricia Galloway, Oliver Gaycken, Alex Gil, Matt Gold, Ben Goldman, David Greetham, Stephen Gregg, Ray Guins, Barbara Heritage, Jennifer Howard, Allison Hughes, Jon Ippolito, Jeremy Leighton John, Andrew Johnston, Steven E. Jones, Nathan Kelber, Cal Lee, Bob Levine, Amanda Licastro, Tan Lin, Alan Liu, Henry Lo- wood, Jerome McDonough, Jerome McGann, Lev Manovich, Mark Marino, Mark Matienzo, Shannon Mattern, John Maxwell, Edward Mendelson, Trevor Muñoz, James Neal, Naomi Nelson, Bethany Nowviskie, Porter Olsen, Trevor Owens, Jussi Parikka, Carla Peterson, Richard Polt, Jessica Pressman, Leah Price, Rita Raley, Steve Ramsay, Sangeeta Ray, Gabriela Redwine, Jason Rhody, Lisa Rhody, Brian Richardson, Ben Robertson, Kellie Robertson, Mark Sample, Jentery Sayers, Matt Schneider, Nathan Schneider, Jason Scott, Stéfan Sinclair, Dag Spicer, Jonathan Sterne, Ted Striphas, Michael Suarez, Erin Tem- pleton, Melissa Terras, Ted Underwood, John Unsworth, Siva Vaidhyanathan, Joe Viscomi, Amanda Visconti, Christina Walter, Orrin Wang, Ken Wark, Ethan Wattral, Joshua Weiner, Sarah Werner, Roger Whitson, George Williams, Kam Woods, and Glen Worthey. (It’s a long list, but it’s been a long time coming.) And while everyone else here was helping me get to 135K (words), Jonathan Hill got me to my  rst 5K. Members of my loving family asked when the book was going to be done only slightly more often than any other constituency—but had a larger and longer role than most any other, as I hope my dedication helps ac- knowledge. Finally, always and above all: my love and thanks again to my life companion, Kari Kraus.In addition to the New York Public Library, material from this book has been presented in talks and lectures at the University of Toronto, the University of Western Ontario, Yale University, the University of Colorado Boulder, Ghent Uni- versity, Loyola University Chicago, Northeastern University, the University of Texas, McGill University, the CUNY Graduate Center, Harvard University, the Bibliographical Society of America, Georgetown University, Penn State Univer- sity, York College, the University of North Dakota, the University of Virginia, Washington University in St. Louis, the University of Coimbra, the National Uni- versity of Ireland Galway, and the Archives Education and Research Institute. Every one of these occasions furnished me with additional feedback and further information, and I am grateful to the audiences, to the organizers, and for the honor of the invitations.
334 AcknowledgmentsI  rst wrote about Len Deighton and Ellenor Handley’s story in Slate maga- zine as “The Book-Writing Machine,” March 1, 2013. A much more detailed and technical discussion of John Updike’s word processing (which I draw upon in Chapters 4 and 10), can be found in my “Operating Systems of the Mind: Biblio- graphy after Word Processing (the Example of Updike),” Papers of the Biblio- graphical Association of America 108, no. 4 (December 2014): 380–412. Portions of Chapter 10 are also informed by my essay “The .txtual Condition,” Digital Hu- manities Quarterly 7, no. 1 (2013), abridged and reprinted in Comparative Tex- tual Media: Transforming the Humanities in the Postprint Era, ed. N. Katherine Hayles and Jessica Pressman (Minneapolis: University of Minnesota Press, 2013). Likewise, I expand on ideas presented in “Tracking the Changes: Textual Schol- arship and the Challenge of the Born Digital,” co-authored with Doug Reside for The Cambridge Companion to Textual Scholarship, ed. Neil Fraistat and Julia Flanders (Cambridge: Cambridge University Press, 2013). A few sentences (and only a few) from one or two other things I have written have found their way in as well, as is the way with word processing. My epigraph from A Star Shines over Mt. Morris Park appears by kind permission of the Henry Roth Literary Trust.For many of us who came of age with personal computers, word processing was the  rst real “killer app,” the  rst hands-on experience that made owning a computer seem as indispensable as it was inevitable. I’ve heard hundreds of those stories over the last few years, and their patterns inform my work here even if the particulars are not always narrated. So last, I am grateful to everyone who has taken the time to tell me about their  rst word processor.
Abe, Kōbō, 194, 221Ackerman, Patricia Freed, 143–144, 153,297n16Adams, Douglas, 111–112, 221, 289n87,321n71Altair 8800, 51, 123, 291n17 Amazon.com, 88; Kindle, 27, 84. See alsoE-readersAmerican Management Association(AMA), 34–36, 41, 145–148, 153, 161,182Analog (magazine), 39, 94, 109, 110 Anderson, Kevin J., 222Anthony, Piers, 20, 25, 207, 260n38 Anzaldúa, Gloria Evangelina, 22, 262n59 Apple, 43, 114, 127; AppleTalk, 201;BASIC, xi, 105, 106, 107; HyperCard, 10, 24, 257n35, 263n67; Imagewriter, 195; iPad 4, 18, 23, 307n3; Lisa, 142; MacBook Air, 76; Macintosh, xiv, 112, 127, 185, 195–202, 235, 236; Macintosh IIe, x, xi, 115; Macintosh IIsi, 185; Macintosh SE, 201; Macintosh SE/30, 202, 320n61; MacPaint, 295; Mac Performa, 215; Mac PowerBook, 26, 75, 184–185; MacWrite, xiv, 40, 201Apricot (computer), 111, 274n84 Aquinas, Thomas, 252n5Archives: computers and, 8, 33, 158, 198,200, 209, 210, 213–215, 239Archives, Inc., 67–68ARPANET, 69, 96ASCII, 94, 100, 120, 272n75, 307n52 Ashbery, John, 75, 76Asimov, Isaac, 56–59, 62, 71, 92–95, 98,141, 143, 238, 275n13, 275n14, 282n2 Atari, 140, 282n2Atwood, Margaret, 16, 19, 161, 208,302n85Austen, Jane, 7, 8, 191, 192, 194Auster, Paul, 8–9, 13, 20–22, 27, 261n48,285n31Austerityware, 237–238 Automation: and archives, 239; andef ciency, 29, 40, 47, 55, 99, 159, 182; fears surrounding, 37–39, 43, 44, 192, 268n27, 270n57; and the workplace, 147–153, 176; and writing, 38, 39, 44, 49, 144, 159, 192, 290n107Avant-garde, 25, 72, 160, 173, 179, 192, 196, 202Babbage, Charles, 14, 115Bad Sector (users’ group), 64–66, 219 Baen, Jim, 102, 283n17, 287n50 Baker, Nicholson, 32, 87, 285n31 Baker, Russell, 35Baker Josephs, Kelly, 313n65 BAKUP (users’ group), 64, 66 Ballard, J. G., 223Index335
336IndexBallestrini, Nanni, 180Balsamo, Anne, 298n33Banks, Russell, 46, 49, 76, 89 Barnaby, Rob, 2, 3, 4, 6Barnard, Max, 104–108, 162, 207 Barnes, Ray, 65, 66Baron, Dennis, 2, 5Baron, Naomi S., 252n8Barry, Max, 229–230, 233, 234Barth, John, 27–28, 29, 36, 115, 180, 184 BASIC (programming language).See AppleBeahm, George, 279n1Beaumont, Matt, 308n8Beeching, Wilfred A., 119Begley, Adam, 86, 90, 223, 225 Berezin, Evelyn, 149–151, 152, 153,154, 155Bergin, Thomas, 254n4, 254n6 Berry, Wendell, 139–140m 167 Between C&D (journal), 196Bible, 16, 79, 188Birkerts, Sven, 27, 221Black box, 13, 80, 119, 123, 226, 232,325n26Blackstone, William, 226Bliven, Bruce, Jr., 20Bloom, Harold, 95, 283n14Blount, Roy, Jr., 75, 76Blount, Keith, 237Bolter, Jay David, 19, 24, 215Borges, Jorge Luis, 41Bost, Suzanne, 262n55Boyle, T. Coraghessen, 208, 210 Bradbury, Ray, 56, 70Bradley, Adam, 3–4, 6, 16, 17, 26, 222,254n16, 308n15, 321n78Brand, Stewart, 53Brathwaite, Kamau, 197–203, 218–219,312–314, 319n59Bravo (application), 123, 125–127, 235 Brewer, Lily, 314n76Bridges, Jeff, 259n19, 325n23Brin, David, 116Brodie, Richard, 235Brodkey, Harold, 71–72, 118, 212 Brooks, David, 309n31Brown, Stewart, 199Buckley, William F., Jr., 49, 74, 273n80 Bukatman, Scott, 160, 163Bukowski, Charles, 53, 185Bulkin, Elly, 184Bulletin boards, 52, 64Burroughs Corporation, 154–155, 180 Burroughs Redactor III, 46, 117, 207 Burroughs, William S., 179–180, 192 Busa, Roberto, 252n5Bush, Vannevar, 162, 172, 173Butler, Octavia, 113, 118, 291n123Byatt, A. S., 7Byte (magazine), 15, 28, 96, 103, 195, 216,275n13Callahan, John, 222, 321n78Calonne, David Stephen, 262n55 Calvino, Italo, 44, 159, 186, 242, 268n30,296n69; Organization for the Elec- tronic Production of Homogenized Works, 39, 42, 189, 192Campbell-Kelly, Martin, 263n62 Carr, Robyn, 46, 47, 117, 155, 207 Carson, Anne, 184Carter, Jimmy, 33, 44, 207 Catano, James V., 292n11Cecire, Natalia, 297n7Ceruzzi, Paul, 263n62, 293n23Chabon, Michael, 3, 63, 73, 231, 277n54 Chandler, Daniel, 10, 25, 29, 46, 160, 226 Chandra, Vikram, 9, 231Chartier, Emile-Auguste, 5Clancy, Tom, xi, 41–42, 43, 44, 185,269n39Clarke, Arthur C., 3, 44, 64, 67–70, 71,72, 159, 217, 278n77, 282n2; 2001: A Space Odyssey, 67, 69, 93; 2010: Odyssey Two, 67, 68, 69, 70; The Odyssey File, 68–70; “The Steam- Powered Word Processor,” 39–40Clifton, Lucille, 11–12, 213Codrescu, Andrei, 45, 64, 70, 71, 271n62 Coleman, Sydney, 116Colvin, Sidney, 267n16Commodore, 70, 98, 111CompuPro, 217, 218Concrete Poetry, 19, 24, 159Condon, Richard, 117, 183, 244
Conroy, Frank, 19Cooper, Leon, 169–170 Coupland, Douglas, 184CP/M, 3, 46, 53, 63, 231, 269n39,280n24; DOS and, 51, 200, 260n38;Z-80 chip and, 63, 67, 98, 285n28CPT 8000, 25, 51Cramer, Kathryn, 116, 288n80Crichton, Michael, 43, 46, 117, 244, 324n6 Cromemco, 51, 252n11, 284n28, 285n33 CRT screen, 45, 124, 125, 134, 272n75 Crumb, Robert, 185CTC Datapoint 2200, 295n65 Cubitt, Sean, 45Cyberpunk, 114, 115, 311n45Danielewski, Mark Z., 203Daniels, David, 203–204Danticat, Edwidge, 75DEC (Digital Equipment Corporation),71, 110; DECmate, 71; PDP-1, 20, 133, 260n35; PDP-8, 110–111; PDP-10, 133–138, 245, 260n35, 296n69DeFilippo, Marsha, 76, 83, 214 Deighton, Len, 52, 166–168, 171, 172,180–183, 207, 212–213, 236; Bomber, 166, 167, 169, 180–183, 212–213, 245, 304n9; Ellenor Handley and, 167, 171, 180–183, 212–213, 245Delany, Samuel R., 113DeLillo, Don, 21, 86, 185Derrida, Jacques, 5, 48–49, 185, 214 Desktop, 7, 76, 100, 215, 235, 237 Desktop publishing, xiii, 90, 131, 196, 203 De Tonnac, Jean-Philippe, 281n44 DEVONthink, 242Diablo (printer), 74, 285n28Dickey, William, 10–11, 13, 253n17,256n35Dickson, Gordon R., 102, 282n2 Dictaphone, 148, 156, 157Dictation, ix, 16, 22, 40, 155, 301n72;hardware, 22, 147, 155–156, 158, 173–175; software, xii, 6, 158–159, 162; as word processing, x, 147, 155, 174–175Didion, Joan, 20, 184Digital Equipment Corporation. See DEC Digital humanities, xii, 247Disks, 51, 68, 69, 94, 219–223, 225–226, 282n2, 320n67; as archival objects, 220–223, 225, 244, 262n56 ; 3.5-inch, 51, 213, 220, 221, 223, 262n56; 5.25-inch, 8, 67, 117, 163, 221, 222, 224, 262n56; 8-inch, 61, 74, 77, 84, 108, 165, 216, 217, 218, 285n28Disk Doctor, 208DOS, 1, 2, 48, 70, 112, 235; and CP/M, 3,200, 260n38; and Macintosh, 235, 236;and WordPerfect, 48, 226Dot matrix printing, 37, 106, 115, 195,196, 287n52. See also Printing Dougherty, David C., 303n96 Dowling, Terry, 283n7Drucker, Johanna, 310n32 Durham Peters, John, 9, 15, 30E-books (e-reading), xiii, 84, 112 E-readers, xiii, 172, 241Eco, Umberto, 31, 89, 185, 194, 228, 235,281n44Egan, Jennifer, 308n8, 325n26Eggers, Dave, 203, 232Eisenberg, Deborah, 255n26Eisenman, Alvin, 133Electric Pencil, xv, 100, 275n14, 293n17 Eliot, T. S., 17, 26, 204, 247Elkin, Stanley, 35, 46, 163–165, 214, 216,221, 303, 304Ellis, Steve, 291n122Ellison, Harlan, 93–95, 180Ellison, Ralph, 4, 6, 63, 118, 221–222,254n16, 308n15, 321n78Elman, Barbara, 208, 300n56Emacs, 30, 65Emerson, Lori, 24–25Émigré (journal), 196, 202Endicott, Marina, 61, 153,Englebart, Douglas, 120–122, 123, 125,127, 128Erdman Farrell, Amy, 300n50Erickson, Paul, 175, 305n30Expensive Typewriter (program), 20, 169 Exxon, 54–55Fadiman, Anne, 18, 38 Fallows, James, 72, 159–160Index 337
338IndexFinseth, Craig A., 295n56Floppy disk. See DisksFlores, Ivan, 34, 47Flusser, Vilém, 49, 226, 229, 230 Fong-Torres, Ben, 65, 66, 67 Foothorap, Robert, 65, 66Forward, Robert L., 109–110, 288n78 Franzen, Jonathan, 31, 214Frayn, Michael, 38, 115FRESS, 121Friden Flexowriter, 120Fried, Michael, 185Friedman, Ted, 296n4Fuller, Matthew, 205, 236 Funkhouser, Christopher T., 270n57,307n45Galey, Alan, 257n42, 302n85García Márquez, Gabriel, 208, 216Gass, William, 46, 163Gerrold, David, 93, 95, 113, 114, 244 Gibson, William, 114–116, 130, 190, 191,192, 290; Difference Engine, 115, 190; Mona Lisa Overdrive, 115; Neuro- mancer, 114, 115, 311n45; Pattern Recognition, 214Gillis, Peter, 195, 311n45 Gingrich, Newt, 96, 283n17 Gitelman, Lisa, 16, 159, 301n77 Glad, Burton, 263n62Gleick, James, 23, 262n62Glitches (“bugs”), 62, 69, 72, 100, 105,207Goldsmith, Kenneth, 16, 204–205,315n83Google: Books, xiv; Docs, 4, 239, 242;Earth, 27Gorey, Edward, 167Gottlieb, Nanette, 252n9Graham, Jorie, 20Grahame-Smith, Seth, 191–192, 194 Grahn, Judy, 54–55Graphical user interface, 10, 55, 127,128, 142Greenspan, Ezra, xii, xiii Grose, Jessica, 308n8 Grusin, Richard, 19 Guillory, John, 16Gulliver’s Travels, 40Gunn, Eileen, 110–111Guzzardi, Peter, 221, 321n72Gypsy (application), 127, 129, 130, 141,235Gysin, Brion, 179Haas, Christina, 10, 25, 29Haigh, Thomas, xi, 34, 144, 155, 175,293n23HAL 9000, 69, 70, 93, 94, 115 Halderman, Joe, 102Hall, Donald, 253n17Hammond, Ray, 15, 16, 37, 161, 236 Handley, Ellenor, 167, 171, 180–183,212–213, 234, 245, 317n32Hanks, Tom, 18, 240Harper, Richard H. R., 172Harris, Stefanie, 324n2Harry Ransom Center, 208–209, 210, 214,215, 216Hartmann, Silvia, 239, 326n30 Hartwell, David, 104, 287n52, 288n68 Hawking, Stephen, 162Hawthorne, Nathaniel, 82Hayles, N. Katherine, 298n33 Heffernan, Virginia, 237–238 Heidegger, Martin, 160, 161Heilmann, Till A., 263n62Heim, Michael, 5, 15, 46, 48, 81, 85 Hemingway, Ernest, 17Hemingwrite, 240–242Hensher, Philip, 252n6Henson, Jim, 173, 174Herbert, Brian, 106, 222, 287n52 Herbert, Frank, 101, 103–108, 128, 162,207, 228, 287n52; Dune, 97, 103, 104, 222, 287n52; Without Me You’re Nothing, 104–108, 162Herbert, George, 203Hermes 2000, 114Hersey, John, 131–138, 212, 245, 296n69,327n41Hiltzik, Michael A., 123Hitachi, 100, 217, 218, 285n28 Hoban, Russell, 186Hoffman, Jeanette, 142, 148 Hofstadter, Douglas, 125, 293n26
Holmes, Oliver Wendell, 79, 216 Homebrew Computer Club, 64, 119, 123 Hong Kingston, Maxine, 210Hunt, Bruce J., 265n85Hyams, Peter, 68–70, 72Hypertext, 24, 28, 121, 162, 263n65,292n9, 313n62Hypertext Editing System, 121IBM, 34, 60–62, 68, 155, 167–180, 200, 245, 276n41; Displaywriter 6580, 51, 60–61, 120, 153, 276n42; Model M, 10; MT/ST, xiv, 150, 154, 155, 168–171, 173, 175–183, 212, 213, 234, 240, 245, 276n41, 306n40, 307n52; PC, xv, 29, 55, 61, 98, 200, 280n24; Selectric typewriter, 41, 60–61, 83, 150, 168–171, 242Infante, Ignacio, 199, 218, 313n62, 320n61Infocom, 24, 111Intel 150, 162; 8080, 51, 55, 94; 8088,53, 185Interactive  ction, 24, 111, 159,289n89Internet, 19, 41, 52, 55, 76, 84, 96 Irons, Ned, 133, 134Isaacson, Walter, 23, 263n62 Ishiguro, Kazuo, 22Keating, H. R. F., 52Keats, John, 36, 227Kedit (program), 12Keep, Christopher, 297n9Kellerman, Jesse, 188–189Kenner, Hugh, 27, 28, 29Kerouac, Jack, 13, 17Kindle. See Amazon.comKing, Stephen, xi, 42, 43, 59–62, 74–77,83–86, 279n1, 279n9; On Writing, 83, 84; The Talisman, 59–62, 58, 76, 84; “The Word Processor,” 77–83, 85, 157, 186, 188; Under the Dome, 83–84Kittler, Friedrich, 28, 48, 158, 160, 163, 209, 235, 243, 324n2Kleinschrod, Walter, 34, 146 Kling, Thomas, 233 Knickerbocker, Conrad, 167 Knopf, 132, 133, 137Knuth, Donald, 30, 128Kokkonen, Kim, 112Kopelson, Kevin, 75Kosofsky Sedgwick, Eve, 3, 330n19 Krementz, Jill, 74–76, 83, 90 Kruse, Horst, 251n1Labor: computers and, 25, 39, 50, 58, 71, 101, 142–144, 244; gender and, 140–143, 150 162, 167, 176; of writing, 97, 160, 243–244Langford, David, 268n37Lanham, Richard, 196, 197, 198 Lanier, 33, 44, 51, 117, 216Larson, Jonathan, 26, 234Larsson, Stieg, 216, 222Le Guin, Ursula K., 113Leiber, Fritz, 38, 192, 268n27, 279n10 Lem, Stanislaw, 38, 41, 192, 279n10 Levertov, Denise, 160Levine, David, 253n16Levy, Steven, 54, 140–141Lexitron, 35, 46, 119, 164, 216, 221,304n105Licklider, J. C. R., 297n11Licko, Zuzana, 202Light (writing), 45, 47, 50, 70, 73, 119,198, 199, 200 Lin, Tan, 203James, Cynthia, 313n62 James, Henry, ix, xii, 21 Jen, Gish, 37, 38Jobs, Steve, xiv, 65, 122,195–196Jones, Steven E., 252n5 Joyce, James, 5, 29, 188 Joyce, Michael, 24, 216,127, 128,246Kafka, Ben, 305n22 Kafka, Franz, 91, 225 Kafka, Paul, 184Kalow, Samuel J., 174–175 Kane, Susan, 196Kay, Alan, 128–129Kay, Andrew, 45, 63, 64Kaypro, 3, 45, 53, 63–67, 68–70, 111, 113,313n64Index 339
340IndexLin, Tao, 186, 308n12 Lindgren, Nilo, 127, 129 LINTRN, 136–137, 138 Lipe, Kevin, 325n25 Lisberger, Steven, 128, 129 LISP, 30–31, 265n90Liu, Alan, 148, 300n59Longyear, Barry B., 108–109, 116, 141,142, 159, 216Losh, Elizabeth, 298n33 Lotus Ami Pro, 90, 223 Love, Harold, 196, 312n51 Luddite, 1, 31, 88, 209 Ludlum, Robert, 282n2 Luey, Beth, 269n49MacBird, Bonnie, 127–129, 130–131 MacDonald, Ross, 75Macintosh (Mac). See AppleMagnavox VideoWRITER 250, 11, 213 Mailer, Norman, 214, 215 Malling-Hansen Writing Ball, 10, 243 Mamet, David, 18Markdown (program), 239Martin, George R. R., 1–2, 6–8, 9–11, 13,29–30, 234, 242, 254n2Materiality, 6, 13, 45, 234, 324n2 McMillan, Terry, 154McCaffrey, Anne, 111McCarthy, Cormac, 21McCarthy, Tom, 7, 13McGann, Jerome, 8, 9, 11, 310n32 McGurl, Mark, 26McIntyre, Vonda N., 118McLuhan, Marshall, 28, 29, 151McNally, Judith, 216McNally, Terrence, 89, 214McPhee, John, 12McWilliams, Peter, 36Media archaeology, xv, 206Memex, 162, 172, 242, 302n87 Mendelson, Edward, 236Mergenthaler Super-Quick, 133, 136, 137,295n65Messer, Sam, 9, 21 Messud, Claire, 6 Metadata, 205, 209 Mialet, Helene, 302n86MicroPro, 2, 4Microsoft, 51, 110, 123, 235, 242; Auto-Summary, 204–205; Of ce, 237; Win- dows, 2, 3, 236; Word, 96, 123, 184, 203, 205, 228–229, 235–237. See also DOSMilward-Oliver, Edward, 168, 213 Miller, Laura J., 270n49MITE (software), 68, 70Modern Language Association, 26 Moleskine, 8, 172, 242Montfort, Nick, 245, 263n68 Moodie, Gordon, 168, 176 Moore, Gordon, 162Moran, Joe, 253n13Moran, Paul, 224–225, 342n87 Morgan, Bradford, 25, 300n56 Morrison, Toni, 22, 27, 214, 262n56 Moser, Benjamin, 232Moss, Howard, 88Mouse, 51, 121, 122, 123, 127, 195 Ms. (magazine), 151, 152, 320n50 MTV, 52, 198Mullaney, Tom, 252n9MULTIVAC, 93Munro, Alice, 208Murakami, Haruki, 192–194, 311n39 Murdoch, Iris, 44Naked Lunch ( lm), 17NEC PC-8500, 231Nelson, Ted, 24, 105, 121, 127, 292n8 Netscape Navigator, 27Nevala-Lee, Alec, 254n17New England Review / Bread LoafQuarterly, 139, 253n17New York (magazine), 151New Yorker, 71, 86, 88, 132, 208Nexus (word processor), 111Nicholls, David, 238Nietzsche, Friedrich, ix, 10, 243, 256n34 Niven, Larry, 20, 35, 95, 99, 102, 216,286n44NLS (oNLine System), 120–123, 125, 128 Noland, Carrie, 199, 313n65, 320n60 North Star Horizon II, 93, 117Norton, Andre (Alice), 113Norton, Peter, 208Nota Bene (program), 26, 236
O’Brien, Connor (Tomas), 320n67 O’Neill, Joseph, 27O’Kane Mara, Miriam, 264n77Oates, Joyce Carol, 21, 22, 27, 264n80 Odyssey Corrections (ODYCOR), 68 Olivetti, 21, 48, 90, 91, 117, 183, 207, 236,252n11Olympia, 9, 13, 21, 108, 261n48 Ondaatje, Michael, 22, 27Ong, Walter J., 79, 158Optek, 72Orwell, George, xiv, 137, 232Osborne, Adam, 63Osborne 1, 25, 50, 63, 73, 118, 217, 222,273n84, 277n54 OULIPO, 38Oz, Amos, 20Palo Alto Research Center (PARC), 122, 123, 125–130, 195, 235, 276n41, 292n15Par t, Michael, 207Paris Review, xiv, 23, 27, 72, 114, 138,159, 191Patterson, James, 42–44, 270n50Paul, Barbara, 94Perfect Software, 63, 65Perfect Writer, 33, 63, 64, 65, 113, 142 Perfectionism, 35–41, 43, 49, 59, 67, 180,274n88Perfectly Simple, 142Peterson, W. E. Pete, 266n2Philips “Carry Corder,” 179Phillips, Tom, 191Pietsch, Michael, 222Pinsky, Robert, 7Plant, Sadie, 298n33PLATO, 159Playboy, 77, 167, 279n9Plimpton, George, 27Pohl, Frederick, 3, 265n88Polt, Richard, 18, 327n39Polymorphic, 117Popular Electronics (magazine), 51, 123 Poster, Mark, 5, 6Post-structuralism, 5, 189Pound, Ezra, 28, 227Pournelle, Jerry, 95–103, 107, 109–110,129, 137, 141, 188, 195, 216–218, 228,284n18, 284n26, 285n28, 285n33,286n45, 301n75Powers, Richard, 158–159Pratchett, Terry, 111Price, Ken, 209, 210Price, Leah, 167, 182Printing, 50, 67, 106, 129, 161, 212 Processed World, 154, 300n59Pro les (magazine), 65, 66, 219, 277n58 PROGRAMAP, 106–107, 128Proulx, Annie, 22Pynchon, Thomas, xv, 86, 253n14Quark (application), 30, 203 Queneau, Raymond, 268n29Radio Shack, 56, 78, 92, 207, 241, 287n52Rainey, Lawrence, 26, 233, 322n94 RAND editor, 134Ray, Karen, 37Reagan, Ronald, 41, 52Redactron Corporation, 149–155, 180, 240; Data Secretary, 150–152, 236Reed, Courtney, 281n42Remington, ix, 160, 164, 201, 282n2 Research in Word Processing News-letter, 25Reside, Doug, 26Rice, Anne, 3, 50, 161, 185, 208, 273n84,274n88, 316n11Rinearson, Peter, 236Roberts, Robin, 288n85Robinson, Frank M., 117Rogers, Samuel, 14Rose, Joel, 196Rose, Jonathan, xiiRoss-MacDonald, Malcolm, 117, 291n118 Roth, Henry, 187–188, 309n15Roth, Philip, 226, 229Rothman, David H., 278n77Rowling, J. K., 22, 76Royal (typewriter), 139, 141, 143Rubin, Jay, 194Rubinstein, Seymour, 2–4, 263n62 Rue e, Mary, 204Rushdie, Salman, 214–215, 229, 234,318n39Index 341
342IndexSABRE, 149, 299n40 Saenger, Paul, 87, 206 Saenz, Mike, 195Safran Foer, Jonathan, 191 Said, Edward, 255n22 Santa Fe Institute, 9, 21 Saramago, José, 20Savin 900, 93Savory, Elaine, 312n56Sawyer, Robert, 3–4, 16, 254n7, 256n30 Schreiber, Flora Rheta, 282n2, 283n13 Schwartz, James, 25Scortia, Thomas N., 117Scott, Jason, 220Scott, Raymond, 173Scott, Ridley, xiv, 114Scott, Walter, 14Scripsit, 56, 57, 275n14Scrivener (application), xii, 237, 238, 239 Secondary orality, 79, 199, 312n57 Sellen, Abigail J., 172Serling, Rod, 156, 157Shakespeare, William, 198, 205, 225 Shea, Dan, 164Shields, David, 315n91Sholes, Christopher Latham, 141, 148 Shrayer, Michael, 100, 293n17Siebert, Steven, 26Silicon Valley, 2, 15, 18, 63, 119Simon and Schuster, 104, 107, 287n50 Simonyi, Charles, 123, 125–126, 128,235, 236Simpson, George R., 145Simpson, Louis, 49, 273n80 Simpson, M. J., 112, 289n87 Simpson, Mona, xiv, 75, 195, 252n11 SmallTalk, 128Smith, Dick, 265n88Smith, John B., 24Smith, Logan Pearsall, 43Smith, Zadie, 226, 229Snyder, Gary, 185, 307n3Soboroff, Steve, 18, 91Sommerville, Ian, 179Sontag, Susan, 214, 232–233 Southey, Robert, 14Space Chips, 116Spellbinder, 200SpellStar, 255n18Spinrad, Norman, 102Stableford, Brian, 283n10Stallybrass, Peter, 16, 197Stanford Arti cial Intelligence Laboratory(SAIL), 122, 123, 126Starre, Alexander, 314n75Star Trek, 93, 97, 118Star Wars, 11, 118, 140, 200Stefans, Brian Kim, 205Stein, Gertrude, 17Steinem, Gloria, 151, 153Steiner, George, 23Steinhilper, Ulrich, 174–175, 183, 305n28 Stephens, Henry, 36, 267n16Stephens, Paul, 302n80Stephenson, Neal, 30–31, 265n90, 323n95 Sterling, Bruce, 115–116, 190–192,209–210, 290n109Sterne, Jonathan, 266n3Storyspace, 24, 246, 263n67Straub, Peter, 59–62, 68, 77, 120, 276n38, Stross, Charles, 236, 237, 325n16 Structur (program), 12–13Subversion (program), 230Sugar, Alan, 253n13Sugarman Laboratories CRT, 134 Sullivan, Hannah, 5, 17, 136, 323n94 Suspended inscription, 46, 148, 168, 169,226, 306n40Swanson, Joel, 206Swift, Jonathan, 60–61, 64, 242 Swirski, Peter, 326n36 Symantec Q&A, 96, 103Tacit knowledge, 10, 161, 179, 234 Takahashi, Tomoko, 205Talese, Gay, 197Tan, Amy, 63–67, 71, 75, 143, 219 Tandy, 51, 56, 58, 98, 107, 111, 222,282n2, 283n13, 287n52; TRS-80, 63, 159, 186, 207, 275n14, 282n2; TRS-80 Model 100, 241; TRS-80 Model I, xv, 98, 104; TRS-80 Model II, 56Tape, 34–35, 110, 150, 168–170, 177–180, 182; “Think tape,” 177–180, 234TECO, 109–110 Teleregister, 149
Teletype, 120, 124, 129, 130, 293n23 Television, 95, 119, 120, 121, 239Tesler, Larry, 121–123, 126–127, 128, 141 TeX, 30Texier, Catherine, 196 Textpack, 61Textual scholarship, 26, 224 Thacker, Chuck, 123The Shining ( lm), 17The Simpsons Movie, 84Thompson, John B., 265n87Thurschwell, Pamela, 167, 182Tof er, Alvin, 120Tolstoy, Leo, 182Tomasula, Steve, 203Tonnard, Elisabeth, 204, 205Track Changes (function), 210, 228–229 Tro mova, Evija, 8–9Tron, 51, 114, 128, 129–130Tulliett, Barrie, 258n14Turing, Alan, 14TV-EDIT, 125, 293n26Twain, Mark, ix, 7, 17, 57, 160, 251n1, 282n2 Twilight Zone (TV show), 78, 157Twitter, 27, 160, 219, 239, 325n26TX-0, 20, 169Typewriter, 16–19, 119–120, 141, 159,168, 199, 235, 240–242, 297n8, 327n39; effect on writing, 10, 27–28, 160, 182, 252n6; versus word processor, 4–5, 19–21, 35, 37, 46–48, 50, 52, 109, 149, 284n17Tzara, Tristan, 38UNIVAC, 93UNIX, 109, 230Updike, John, 35, 45, 75, 85–91, 167, 215,223–225, 280n24, 281n51; “INVALID. KEYSTROKE” (poem), 85–88, 186, 212Van Dam, Andy, 121, 124, 125, 128, 134 Vance, Jack, 112, 207, 289n94; Big Ed(program), 112, 207Varley, John, 39, 40, 41, 94, 186 Vidal, Gore, xv, 43, 243Video games, 128, 130, 140 Viking, 60, 62, 76VisiCalc, 140, 263n62Voice recognition, xii, 6, 158–159, 162. See also DictationVon Neumann, John, 120, 215, 292n4, 318n42Vydec, 119W. W. Norton, 117Wall Street Journal, 168, 176Wallace, David Foster, 42, 86, 214, 221,225, 228Wallace, Robert, 88Wang: Wang System 5, 74, 216, 279n1; WangSystem 5 Model 1, 108, 141, 288n72; Wang System 5 Model 3, 279n1, 288n72; Wangwriter II, 85, 90, 224, 280n24Warren, Jim, 122, 123Washington Post, 11Waterman, 50, 83, 241Webster, Juliet, 141, 176, 296n7, 297n15 Weiner, Peter, 133–134, 136Weir, Andy, 286n44Wershler-Henry, Darren, 17, 159, 251n1 WESCAC, 180West Coast Computer Faire, 63, 122 Whitlock, Manson, 18Whitman, Walt, 205, 209Whole Earth Software Catalog, 53, 65 Wilde, Oscar, ixWillett, Roslyn, 151, 152Williams, Michael R., xWilson, Flip, 126Windows. See MicrosoftWinner, Langdon, 255n21Winterson, Jeanette, 185 Winthrop-Young, Geoffrey, 158Wired (magazine), 7, 51Wolfe, Tom, 86Woods, Stuart, 117Woolf, Virginia, 5, 291n122Word. See MicrosoftWord processing: anxieties surrounding,xv, 16, 38, 43, 117; effect on writing, 10, 27, 29, 38, 165, 188; etymology, x, 175, 305n28; and gender, 140–143, 146–147, 164, 244; and labor, 25, 39, 55, 58, 61, 71, 140–149, 244; and perfectionism, 34–36, 44 ; versus typewriting, 17, 18, 20–21, 46–47, 57–58, 91, 109Index 343
344 IndexWordPerfect, xv, 15, 33, 48, 142, 186, 226, 229, 235, 256n30, 266n2, 283n15WordStar, 1–4, 6–7, 24, 50, 53, 63, 65, 69, 102, 126, 235, 254n7, 256n30, 269n39Wosk, Miriam, 151Wozniak, Steve, 64, 65, 119Write or Die (program), 238Writer’s Digest, 15, 20, 37, 53, 71 WriteRoom (program), xii, 238, 242 WYSIWYG, 3, 24, 106, 126, 129, 184,235, 276n41Xerox, 122, 125, 127, 129; Alto, 123, 124, 126, 128–131, 235; PARC (see Palo Alto Research Center [PARC]); Star, 127, 142Yale Editor, 133–138, 295n60 Youd, Tim, 19Z-80 microprocessor, xv, 55 Zilog, xv, 55Zinsser, William, 61, 276n42 Zuboff, Shoshana, 144, 148, 174