 

102 ] IMAGE — MUSIC - raxr

language in the reader

(0r listener) him wh
every logical succession 0 ° 8135p:

A f actions as a nominal w -
{cad is to name; to listen is not only to perceive a 1211;11:2ng
it is also to construct it. Sequence titles are similar enougl;
to the cover-words of translation machines which acceptably
cover a Wide variety of meanings and shades of meaning.
The narrative language [la langue du récit] within us com.
Fuses from the start these essential headings: the closing
logic which structures a sequence is inextricably linked to its
name; any function which initiates a seduction prescribes
from the moment it appears, in the name to which it gives
rise, the entire process of seduction such as we have learned
it from all the narratives which have fashioned in us the
language of narrative.

However minimal its importance, 3 sequence, since it is
made up of a small number of nuclei (that is to say, in fact,
of ‘dispatchers’), always involves moments of risk and it
is this which justiﬁes analysing it. It might seem futile to
constitute into a sequence the logical succession of triﬂing
acts which go to make up the offer of a cigarette (oﬁering,
accepting, lighting, Smoking), but precisely, at every one of
these points, an alternative — and hence a freedom of mean-
ing - is possible. Du Pont, Bond's future partner, oﬂ'ers
him a light from his lighter but Bond refuses; the meaning
of this bifurcation is that Bond instinctively fears a booby-
trapped gadget} A sequence is thus, one can say, a threatened
logical unit, this being its Justification _a mmrmo. It is also
founded a Maximo: enclosed on its function, subsumed under
a name, the sequence itself constitutes a new unit, ready to
function as a simple term in another, more extensrve se-

fy even at this inﬁnitesimal level an

opposition of paradignlatlc type, if not between towo tear/micatal’ﬁx

between two poles of the sequence: the men)?” (egg/“y (demon-
‘ ’t t e an

”raids out, by suspendlii‘sﬁalrialyllupof the Sherlock Holmes cycle),

strated by Cheglov in
Susp/clon/Pmlectlon, Aggresslvzncu/ﬁltndllu”.

1. It is quite possible to identi

.—

..L ”a __~

