130 | mace - MUSIC — rexr

Jabbok before crossing over, in a rearguard position. Let
us not look for some true interpretation (per—mpg our very
hesitation will appear ridiculous in the eyes of the exegeles);
rather, let us consume two dilicrent pressures of readability:
1) if Jacob remains alone before crossing the Jabbok, we are
led towards a ‘folldoric' reading of the episode, the mythical
reference then being overwhelming which has it that a trial
or strength (as for example with a dragon or the guardian
spirit of a river) must be imposed on the hero before he
clears the obstacle, so that — once victorious - he can clear it;
2) if on the contrary Jacob having crossed over (he and his
tribe), he remains alone on the good side of the ﬂood
(the side of the country to which he wants to go), then the
passage is without structural ﬁnality while acquiring on the
other hand a religious ﬁnality: if Jacob is alone, it is no
longer to settle the question of and obtain the crossing but
in order that he be marked with solitude (the familiar setting
apart of the one chosen by God). There is a historical
circumstance which increases the undecidability of the
two interpretations. Jacob‘s purpose is to return home, to
enter the land of Canaan: given this, the crossing of the
River Jordan would be easier to understand than that of
the Jabbok. In short, we are confronted with the crossing of
a spot that is neutral. The crossing is cruCial if Jacob has
to win it over the guardian of the place, indifferent if what
is important is the solitude, the mark oi Jacob. Perhaps
we have here the tangled trace of two stories, or at least of
two narrative instances: the one, more ‘archaic (in the
simple stylistic some of the term), ‘mnk'cs’of the “ofﬁng
itself an ordeal; the other, more realist , gives a Igno-
graphical‘ air to Jacob‘s joumcy'b)’ mentioning the 1333‘:
he goes through (without attaching any mythical va ue

Lhel’tiﬂdiie carries back on to this twofold sequence the pane]:
of subsequent events, UK“ is the Struggle and m” NW '

 

(a W

 

The Struggle Willi the Angel I 131

its two versions. Here again is the diagram:

Not pass over Struggle and Have

passed over (31)

oneself Naming

Send
the other:

     
 

P353 0V8?
oneself

Go on (31)

If the Struggle stands between the ‘not pass over’ and the
‘have passed over’ (the folklorizing, mythical reading),
then the mutation of the Names corresponds to the very
purpose of every etymological saga; if on the contrary
the Struggle is only a stage between a position of immobility
' (of meditation, of election) and a movement of setting off
again, then the mutation of the Name has the value of a
spiritual rebirth (of ‘baptism’). All of which can be sum-
marized by saying that in this ﬁrst episode there is sequential
readability but cultural ambiguity. No doubt the theologian
would grieve at this indecision while the exegete would
. acknowledgeit. hoping for some element of fact or argument
that would enable him to put an end to it. The textual

, _. analyst, judging by my own impression, savours such

friction between two intelligibilities.
i 2. The Strugglt (2'. 24—29), For the second episode we
have once again to start from a complication (which is not
' to say a doubt) of readability ~ remember that textual
analysis is founded on reading rather than on the objective
structure of the text, the latter being more the province of
‘ structural analysis. This complication stems from the inter—
changeable character of the pronouns which refer to the

\ \

l; f, _)

the dual reading continues, coherent to the end in each of

7,: M if?" h . 1 /
7,, ’ \LJ ‘ \\
’K

